python : Multiple definitions in dictionary at byte 0x7c for key /Subtype
At C:\Users\joand\AppData\Local\Temp\ps-script-d3712f6b-a80e-4354-afda-92c3a7d63c4b.ps1:81 char:1
+ python "scripts/lib/extract-pdf-text.py" "G:/My Drive/Dealality™/Plat ...
+ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    + CategoryInfo          : NotSpecified: (Multiple defini...or key /Subtype:String) [], RemoteException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : NativeCommandError
 
Multiple definitions in dictionary at byte 0x7c for key /Subtype
      2026 US CURIO 
 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC 
A Delaware Limited Liability Company 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100 
McLean, Virginia 22102 
703-883-1000 
www.hiltonworldwide.com 
 
 
 
 
 
You will operate a Curio┬« hotel under a Franchise Agreement with us.   
 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a typical 200-room Curio┬« hotel, excluding 
real property, is $3,928,488 to $119,557,900, including up to $467,680 that must be paid to us or 
our affiliates. 
 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other 
information in plain English.  Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements 
carefully.  You must receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar days before you sign 
a binding agreement with, or make any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection  
with the proposed franchise sale.  Note, however, that no government agency has verified 
the information contained in this document. 
 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship .  DonΓÇÖt rely on the disclosure 
document alone to understand your contract.  Read all of your contract carefully.  Show your 
contract and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or accountant. 
 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment .  The information in this disclosure document can 
help you make up your mind.  More information on franchising, such as ΓÇ£A ConsumerΓÇÖs Guide to 
Buying a Franchise,ΓÇ¥ which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document , is 
available from the Federal Trade Commission.  You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or 
by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue , NW, Washington, DC 20580.  You can also 
visit the FTCΓÇÿs home page at www.ftc.gov for additiona l information.  Call your state agency or 
visit your public library for other sources of information on franchising. 
 
There may also be laws on franchising in your state.  Ask your state agencies about them. 
 
Issuance Date: March 30, 2026 
 
  


      2026 US CURIO 
 
How to Use This Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Here are some questions you may be asking about buying a franchise and tips on 
how to find more information: 
 
 
QUESTION 
 
WHERE TO FIND INFORMATION 
 
 
How much can I earn? 
 
Item 19 may give you information about outlet 
sales, costs, profits or losses.  You should 
also try to obtain this information from others, 
like current and former franchisees. You can 
find their names and contact information in 
Item 20 or Exhibits A and B. 
 
How much will I need to 
invest? 
 
Items 5 and 6 list fees you will be paying to 
the franchisor or at the franchisorΓÇÖs direction; 
Item 7 lists the initial investment to open, and 
Item 8 describes the suppliers you must use.  
 
Does the franchisor have the 
financial ability to provide 
support to my business? 
 
Item 21 or Exhibit C includes financial 
statements. Review these statements 
carefully.  
 
Is the franchise system 
stable, growing, or 
shrinking? 
 
Item 20 summarizes the recent history of the 
number of company-owned and franchised 
outlets. 
 
Will my business be the only 
Curio hotel business in my 
area? 
 
Item 12 and the ΓÇ£territoryΓÇ¥ provisions in the 
franchise agreement describe whether the 
franchisor and other franchisees can compete 
with you. 
 
Does the franchisor have a 
troubled legal history? 
 
Items 3 and 4 tell you whether the franchisor 
or its management have been involved in 
material litigation or bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
WhatΓÇÖs it like to be a Curio 
hotel franchisee? 
 
Item 20 or Exhibits A and B lists current and 
former franchisees. You can contact them to 
ask about their experiences. 
 
What else should I know? 
 
These questions are only a few things you 
should look for. Review all 23 Items and all 
Exhibits in this disclosure document to better 
understand this franchise opportunity. See the 
table of contents. 

      2026 US CURIO 
 
What You Need to Know About Franchising Generally 
Continuing responsibility to pay fees. You may have to pay royalties and other 
fees even if you are losing money.  
 
Business Model Can Change. The franchise agreement may allow the franchisor 
to change its manuals and business model without your consent. These changes 
may require you to make additional investments in your franchise business or may 
harm your franchise business. 
 
Supplier restriction. You may have to buy or lease items from the franchisor or a 
limited group of suppliers the franchisor designates.  These items may be more 
expensive than similar items you could buy on your own. 
 
Operating restrictions. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating 
a similar business during the term of the franchise. There are usually other 
restrictions. Some examples may include controlling your location, access to 
customers, what you sell, how you market, and your hours of operation. 
 
Competition from franchisor . Even if the franchise agreement grants you a 
territory, the franchisor may have the right to compete with you in your territory. 
 
Renewal. Your franchise agreement may not permit you to renew.  Even if it does, 
you may have to sign a new agreement with different terms and conditions in order 
to continue to operate your franchise business. 
 
When your franchise ends . The franchise agreement may prohibit you from 
operating a similar business after your franchise ends even if you still have 
obligations to your landlord or other creditors. 
 
Some States Require Registration 
 
Your state may have a franchise law, or other law, that requires franchisors 
to register before offering or selling franchises in the state. Registration does not 
mean that the state recommends the franchise or has verified the information in 
this document.  To find out if your state has a registration requirement, or to contact 
your state, use the agency information in Exhibit I.   
 
Your state also may have laws that require special disclosures or 
amendments be made to your franchise agreement.  If so, you should check the 
State Specific Addenda. See the Table of Contents for the location of the State 
Specific Addenda.   
 

2026 US CURIO 
Special Risks to Consider About This Franchise 
 
Certain states require that the following risk(s) be highlighted: 
 
1. Out-of-State Dispute Resolution . The franchise agreement requires 
you to resolve disputes with the franchisor by mediation, arbitration 
and/or litigation only in Virginia, unless the franchisor sues you where the 
hotel is located. If the court rejects these venue selections, then suit may 
be brought in New York. Out -of-state mediation, arbitration, or litigation 
may force you to accept a less favorable settlement for disputes. It may 
also cost more to mediate or arbitrate with the franchisor in Virginia or 
New York than in your own state. 
 
2. Our Trademarks.  As of the date of this Disclosure Document, we do not 
have federal trademark registration for the Restaurant Brands marks 
listed on Exhibit J-2. Therefore, these marks do not have as many legal 
benefits and rights as federally registered trademarks.  If our rights to use 
these marks are challenged, you may have to change to alternative 
trademarks, which may increase your expenses. 
 
Certain states may require other risks to be highlighted. Check the ΓÇ£State Specific 
AddendaΓÇ¥ (if any) to see whether your state requires other risks to be highlighted.  
 
 

       2026 US CURIO 
THE FOLLOWING APPLIES ONLY TO TRANSACTIONS GOVERNED BY THE  
MICHIGAN FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
 
 
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE 
SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING 
PROVISIONS ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE 
VOID AND CANNOT BE ENFORCED AGAINST YOU. 
 
(a) A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees. 
 
(b) A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver or 
estoppel which deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act. This 
shall not preclude a franchisee, after entering into a Franchise Agreement, from  settling 
any and all claims. 
 
(c) A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration of its 
term except for good cause. Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to 
comply with any lawful provision of the Franchise Agreement and to cure such failure after 
being given written notice thereof and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need 
be more than 30 days, to cure such failure. 
 
(d) A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly 
compensating the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at 
the time of expiration of the franchisee's inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures a nd 
furnishings. Personalized materials which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, 
supplies, equipment, fixtures and furnishings not reasonably required in the conduct of the 
franchise business are not subject to compensation. This subsection applies only if (i) the 
term of the franchise is less than 5 years and (ii) the franchisee is prohibited by the 
franchise or other agreement from continuing to conduct substantially the same business 
under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logoty pe, advertising of other 
commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration of the franchise or the 
franchisee does not receive at least 6 months advance notice of Franchisor's intent not to 
renew the franchise. 
 
(e) A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally 
available to other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This 
section does not require a renewal provision. 
 
(f) A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state. This shall 
not preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to 
conduct arbitration at a location outside this state. 
 
(g) A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a 
franchise, except for good cause. This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from 
exercising a right of first refusal to purchase the franchise. Good cause shall include, but 
is not limited to: 
 
(i) The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor's then -current 
reasonable qualifications or standards. 

       2026 US CURIO 
 
(ii) The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or 
subfranchisor. 
 
(iii) The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all 
lawful obligations. 
 
(iv) The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the 
franchisor or to cure any default in the Franchise Agreement existing at the time of 
the proposed transfer. 
 
(h) A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not 
uniquely identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that 
grants to a franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the 
same terms and conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those 
assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision that grants the franchisor the right to 
acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or  appraised value of such assets if the 
franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the Franchise Agreement and has failed 
to cure the breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c). 
 
(i) A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or 
otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless 
provision has been made for providing the required contractual services. 
 
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION 
OR ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.      
ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO: 
 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
CONSUMER PROTECTION DIVISION, FRANCHISE SECTION 
525 W. OTTAWA ST. 
G. MENNEN WILLIAMS BUILDING, FIRST FLOOR 
LANSING, MICHIGAN  48933 
517-373-7117 
 

  i     2026 US CURIO 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Item Page 
ITEM 1  THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES  ....................... 1 
ITEM 2  BUSINESS EXPERIENCE ............................................................................................................... 9 
ITEM 3  LITIGATION ................................................................................................................................... 12 
ITEM 4  BANKRUPTCY ............................................................................................................................... 17 
ITEM 5  INITIAL FEES ................................................................................................................................. 17 
ITEM 6  OTHER FEES ................................................................................................................................ 23 
ITEM 7  ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT ............................................................................................. 37 
ITEM 8  RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ............................................ 41 
ITEM 9  FRANCHISEEΓÇÖS OBLIGATIONS ................................................................................................... 48 
ITEM 10  FINANCING ................................................................................................................................... 50 
ITEM 11  FRANCHISORΓÇÖS ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING  ...... 51 
ITEM 12  TERRITORY .................................................................................................................................. 67 
ITEM 13  TRADEMARKS .............................................................................................................................. 70 
ITEM 14  PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION ............................................... 72 
ITEM 15  OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE  IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE 
BUSINESS ..................................................................................................................................... 74 
ITEM 16  RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL ....................................................... 76 
ITEM 17  RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION ................................... 78 
ITEM 18  PUBLIC FIGURES ......................................................................................................................... 92 
ITEM 19  FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS ................................................................... 92 
ITEM 20  OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION ........................................................................... 98 
ITEM 21  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ......................................................................................................... 102 
ITEM 22  CONTRACTS ............................................................................................................................... 102 
ITEM 23  RECEIPTS ................................................................................................................................... 102 
 
  

  ii     2026 US CURIO 
TABLE OF EXHIBITS 
Exhibit A List of Franchised Hotels as of December 31, 2025 
Exhibit B List of Franchised Hotels Terminated, Canceled, Not Renewed or with Changes in 
Controlling Interest during 2025 
Exhibit C Financial Statements 
Exhibit D Franchise Agreement and Addendum 
Exhibit D-1 State Addenda to Franchise Agreement 
Exhibit D-2 Development Incentive Promissory Note 
Exhibit D-3 Eforea Spa Amendment 
Exhibit D-4 Restaurant Brand Amendment 
Exhibit E Guaranty of Franchise Agreement  
Exhibit F Franchise Application 
Exhibit G Information Technology System Agreement (HITS Agreement) 
Exhibit H-1 Manual Table of Contents ΓÇô Brand Standards 
Exhibit H-2 Manual Table of Contents ΓÇô Eforea Spa Operating Standards 
Exhibit H-3 Manual Table of Contents ΓÇô Restaurant Brands 
Exhibit I  State Administrators and Agents for Service of Process 
Exhibit J-1 State Addenda to Disclosure Document 
Exhibit J-2  Restaurant Brands Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Exhibit K Lender Comfort Letter Forms 
Exhibit L State Effective Dates 
Exhibit M Receipts 
 

   1     2026 US CURIO 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
About the Franchisor and Its Parents 
To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, "we" or "us" means Hilton Franchise 
Holding LLC, the Franchisor. "You" means the person(s) who signs the franchise agreement ΓÇô 
the ΓÇ£ FranchiseeΓÇ¥.  If you are a business entity, "you" means both the business entity and its 
owners.  The "Brand" refers to the name or names under which we will license your Hotel.  Our 
agent for service of process in the states whose franchise laws require us to name an agent f or 
service is shown on Exhibit I .  Capitalized words not defined in this Disclosure Document have 
the meaning set forth in the Franchise Agreement.  
We are a Delaware limited liability company , formed in September 2007. For purposes of this 
franchise offering, we do business under the name ΓÇ£Curio.ΓÇ¥ Our principal business address is 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102  USA and our telephone number 
is 703-883-1000.   
We became the franchisor of hotels which operate under the Curio Brand in the 50 states of the 
United States, its Territories and Possessions and the District of Columbia (ΓÇ£USΓÇ¥) on October 15, 
2014, and in Thailand on October 30, 2020. 
 
Our parent company is Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc., a Delaware corporation formed 
on July 12, 2016 (ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥).  HiltonΓÇÖs parent company is Hilton  Worldwide Holdings  Inc., a 
Delaware corporation formed on March 18, 2010 (NYSE: HLT) (ΓÇ£Hilton WorldwideΓÇ¥).  The 
principal business address of both companies is 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, 
Virginia 22102 USA.   
 
Hilton became our parent company on January 4, 2017, as the successor to our previous parent 
company, Park Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (ΓÇ£ParkΓÇ¥). Together, Hilton and Park have conducted a guest 
lodging business since 1946.  Park was originally called Hilton Hotels Corporation ("HHC") from 
May 29, 1946, to December 19, 2009.  It changed its name to Hilton Worldwide, Inc. (ΓÇ£HWIΓÇ¥) on 
December 20, 2009, and to Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. on June 1, 2016.  On January 4, 2017, 
Park became an independent company in a spin-off transaction.  As a result of that spin-off, nearly 
all company-owned hotels were divested with Park.  For convenience, all references to ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ in 
this Disclosure Document include HHC, HWI, and Park during the relevant time frames for each, 
unless otherwise noted. 
 
Our Other Brands 
Hilton Worldwide, through its subsidiaries, currently owns the following principal marks and their 
related guest lodging systems: Apartment Collection by HiltonΓäó, CanopyΓäó, ConradΓäó, CurioΓäó, 
DoubleTreeΓäó, Embassy  SuitesΓäó, Graduate Γäó, Hampton Γäó, HiltonΓäó, Hilton Garden Inn Γäó, 
Home2 SuitesΓäó, Homewood SuitesΓäó, LivSmart StudiosΓäó, LXRΓäó, MottoΓäó, NoMad, OutsetΓäó, 
Signia by Hilton Γäó, Spark Γäó, Tapestry Γäó, Tempo Γäó, Tru Γäó, UndergraduateΓäó, and Waldorf 
AstoriaΓäó (the ΓÇ£Hilton Worldwide BrandsΓÇ¥). The Hilton Worldwide Brands may utilize name 
variations for suites hotels and may use names or taglines including ΓÇ£InnΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£Inn & SuitesΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£by 
HiltonΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£Collection by HiltonΓÇ¥ in some markets or locations. The Hilton Worldwide Brands may 
have trademark registrations currently pending in some markets or locations.  

   2     2026 US CURIO 
We have been the franchisor in the US for the Canopy and Curio brand hotels since 
October 15, 2014, the Conrad, DoubleTree, Embassy Suites, Hampton, Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, 
Home2 Suites, Homewood Suites, and Waldorf Astoria brand hotels since March  30, 2015, the 
Tru brand hotels since December 1, 2015, the Tapestry brand hotels since December  1, 2016, 
and the LXR and the Motto brand hotels since September 14, 2018, the Signia by Hilton brand 
hotels since March 30, 2019, the Tempo brand hotels since December 17, 2019, the Spark brand 
hotels since November 11, 2022, the LivSmart Studios brand hotels since May 23, 2023, the 
Graduate brand hotels since May 28, 2024 , the Outset brand hotels since October 2025, the 
Apartment Collection by Hilton brand apartment hotels since February 2, 2026, and 
Undergraduate brand hotels since March 30, 2026 . We offer each of these brands under a 
separate disclosure document (except NoMad, for which we do not currently offer franchises). 
We also offer eforea spa franchises to franchisees of Outset, Tapestry, Curio, DoubleTree, 
Embassy Suites and Hilton brand hotels, as an addendum to the hotel franchise agreement under 
the disclosure documents for those brands.  
We also offer licenses for the restaurant brand concepts identified on Exhibit J-2 under our StiR 
Creative Collective program (the ΓÇ£Restaurant BrandsΓÇ¥), in the US to franchisees of Apartment 
Collection, Canopy, Curio, Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, DoubleTree, Motto, Tapestry, Tempo , and 
Signia brand hotels as an addendum to the hotel franchise agreement under the disclosure 
documents for those brands, as applicable. 
Our Predecessor 
We have one predecessor that offered franchises for Curio Brand hotels in the US . Hilton 
Worldwide offered franchises for Curio Brand hotels from July 2, 2014, to October 14, 2014. Our 
predecessors for each of our other brands in the US include the following entities as shown in this 
table: 
 
Brand Offered Predecessor Franchisor Entity Dates Offered 
Apartment Collection None N/A 
Canopy None N/A 
Conrad Conrad Franchise LLC October 2007 to March 2015 
Hilton Inns, Inc. September 2007 to October 2007 
Curio Hilton Worldwide  July 2014 to October 2014 
DoubleTree Doubletree Franchise LLC October 2007 to March 2015 
Doubletree Hotel Systems, Inc. February1989 to October 2007 
Eforea Spa Doubletree Franchise LLC December 2011 to March 2015 
Embassy Suites Franchise LLC December 2011 to March 2015 
Hilton Franchise LLC December 2011 to March 2015 
Embassy Suites Embassy Suites Franchise LLC October 2007 to March 2015 
Promus Hotels, Inc. March 1984 to October 2007 
Graduate None N/A 
Hampton Inn and  
Hampton Inn & Suites 
Hampton Inns Franchise LLC October 2007 to March 2015 
Promus Hotels, Inc. March 1983 to October 2007 
Hilton Hilton Franchise LLC October 2007 to March 2015 
Hilton Inns, Inc. July 1962 to October 2007 
Hilton Garden Inn Hilton Garden Inns Franchise 
LLC 
October 2007 to March 2015 
Hilton Inns, Inc. March 1990 to October 2007 
Home2 Suites HLT ESP Franchise LLC January 2009 to March 2015 

   3     2026 US CURIO 
Brand Offered Predecessor Franchisor Entity Dates Offered 
Homewood Suites Homewood Suites Franchise LLC October 2007 to March 2015 
Promus Hotels, Inc. March 1988 to October 2007 
LivSmart Studios None N/A 
LXR  None N/A 
Motto None N/A 
NoMad None N/A 
Outset  None N/A 
Restaurant Brands  None N/A 
Signia by Hilton  None  N/A 
Spark  None N/A 
Tapestry None N/A 
Tempo None N/A 
Tru None N/A 
Undergraduate None N/A 
Waldorf Astoria Waldorf Astoria Franchise LLC October 2007 to March 2015 
Hilton Inns, Inc. January 2007 to October 2007 
 
We do not have any predecessor that offered franchises in Thailand. 
 
Our Affiliates and Their Predecessors 
 
Our affiliates may offer franchises for any of the Hilton Worldwide Brands at any time. We currently 
have 4 affiliates that offer franchises outside of the US for the brands listed below.  
   
1. Hilton Worldwide Franchising LP, a limited partnership formed on March 12, 2014, under the 
laws of England and Wales (ΓÇ£HWFΓÇ¥) offered franchises outside the US from July 1, 2014 to 
December 31, 2017, and currently continues to offer franchises in Canada,  and a limited 
number of other territories.  HWF is the predecessor of HWML, listed below.  HWFΓÇÖs principal 
business address is Maple Court, Central Park, Reeds Crescent, Watford, Hertfordshire 
WD24 4QQ UK and telephone number +44 207 856 8000. The brands cur rently offered by 
HWF are: Conrad, Curio, DoubleTree, Embassy Suites, Hampton, Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, 
Home2 Suites, Homewood Suites by Hilton and Waldorf Astoria, Canopy (since first offered 
on October 15, 2014), Tru (first offered on June 30, 2016), Tapestry (first offered on December 
1, 2016), LXR (first offered on July 1, 2018), Motto (first offered on June 28, 2019), Spark (first 
offered on April 1, 2023), Tempo (first offered on June 28, 2023), LivSmart Studios (first 
offered on August 1, 2023), Graduate (first offered on June 28, 2024), Outset (first offered on 
October 23, 2025), and Apartment Collection (first offered on February 2, 2026.  
  
2. Hilton Worldwide Manage Limited, a limited company formed on December 7, 2010, under 
the laws of England and Wales (ΓÇ£HWMLΓÇ¥) has offered franchises outside the US since January 
1, 2018, except in Brazil, Canada, China, Thailand, and a limited number of other territories.  
As noted above, HWF is HWMLΓÇÖs predecessor outside of the US, except in Canada, China,  
and a limited number of other territories. HWMLΓÇÖs principal business address is Maple Court, 
Central Park, Reeds Crescent, Watford, Hertfordshire WD24 4QQ UK and telephone number 
+44 207 856 8000.  The brands currently offered by HWML are the same as those offered by 
HWF above. 
  
3. Hilton Enterprise Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., a limited company formed on January 8, 
2021 under the laws of the PeopleΓÇÖs Republic of China (ΓÇ£HEMSΓÇ¥) has offered franchises in 
China since July 1, 2024. HEMS predecessor was Hilton Hotel Management (Shanghai) Co., 

   4     2026 US CURIO 
Ltd., a limited company formed on September 5, 2008 under the laws of the PeopleΓÇÖs Republic 
of China (ΓÇ£WFOEΓÇ¥).  WFOE offered franchises in China from October 29, 2012 to June 30, 
2024. HEMS has its principal business address at Room 4205, Bund Centre, 222 Yan An  
Road East, Shanghai, 200002, 021 ΓÇô 2321 6888.  The brands currently offered by HEMS are: 
DoubleTree (first offered on October 29, 2012), Hilton (first offered on August 1, 2016), Hilton 
Garden Inn (first offered in September 2018) , Tapestry (first offered  on July 1, 2024) , LXR 
(first offered December 31, 2024), and Canopy and Curio (first offered July 1, 2025). 
 
4. Hilton Brazil Opera├º├╡es e Participa├º├╡es Ltda, formed on December 26, 2016 under the laws 
of Brazil (ΓÇ£HBOPΓÇ¥) has offered franchises in Brazil since August 1, 2020.  Both HWF and 
HWML are HBOPΓÇÖs predecessors in Brazil.  HWF offered franchises in Brazil from July 1, 
2014 to December 31, 2017, and HWML offered franchises in Brazil from January 1, 2018 to 
July 31, 2020.  HBOPΓÇÖs principal place of business is Av. Das Nacoes Unidas, No. 12.901. 
Torre Leste, Andar Intermediario, Sala 01, Brooklin Novo, Sao Paulo, 04578-000 Brazil. The 
brands currently offered by HBOP are Curio, Hampton, Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Home2, 
Homewood, LXR, Motto, Tapestry, and Spark. 
 
As noted above, HWF is HWMLΓÇÖs predecessor outside of the US, except in Canada, China, and 
a limited number of other territories.  HWFΓÇÖs predecessors for the offer of franchises outside the 
US before July 1, 2014, include the following entities at various times for the specified brands: 
 
Brand Offered Predecessor International Franchisor Entity 
Apartment Collection None 
Canopy None 
Conrad 
Conrad International 
HLT International Conrad Franchise LLC  
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
HPP International Corporation  
(f/k/a Conrad International Corporation) 
Curio None 
DoubleTree 
DoubleTree Suites 
Hilton Group plc and designated subsidiaries  
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
Doubletree Hotel Systems, Inc. 
Doubletree International Franchise LLC 
Embassy Suites Promus Hotels, Inc. 
Hilton Group plc and designated subsidiaries  
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
Embassy Suites International Franchise LLC 
Graduate None 
Hampton Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
Hampton Inns International Franchise LLC 
Hilton Hilton Group plc and designated subsidiaries  
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
Hilton International Franchise LLC  
Hilton Garden Inn Hilton Group plc and designated subsidiaries  
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
Hilton Garden Inns International Franchise LLC 
Home2 Suites HLT ESP International Franchisor Corporation 
Homewood Suites Hilton Group plc and designated subsidiaries  
Homewood Suites International Franchise LLC 

   5     2026 US CURIO 
Brand Offered Predecessor International Franchisor Entity 
LivSmart Studios None 
LXR  None 
Motto None 
NoMad None 
Outset None 
Restaurant Brands None 
Signia by Hilton  None 
Spark None 
Tapestry None 
Tempo None 
Tru None 
Undergraduate None 
Waldorf Astoria 
The Waldorf Astoria Collection 
Hilton International Franchisor Corporation  
HLT International Waldorf=Astoria Franchise LLC 
 
The following wholly owned subsidiaries of Hilton provide products or services to our franchisees: 
1. Hilton Reservations Worldwide, L.L.C. d/b/a Hilton Reservations & Customer Care and 
successor-in-interest to Hilton Service Corporation ("Reservations Worldwide") will 
provide you with its national and international reservation services and systems 
("Reservation Service"). Reservations Worldwide provides the Reservation Service to all 
System Hotels, US Hilton hotels, Conrad International hotels, and Hilton International 
hotels (except where prohibited by law).  The principal business address of Reservations 
Worldwide is 15305 North Dallas Parkway, Suite 600, Addison, Texas 75001. 
2. Hilton Supply Management LLC (ΓÇ£HSMΓÇ¥) seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and 
suppliers for the distribution of  hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment 
and supplies, certain food and beverage supplies , and certain hotel services . You may 
purchase these items from HSM or such third parties, but you are not obligated to do so, 
unless you are operating an eforea spa.  In this case, you must purchase certain products 
and other items from HSM for sale in your spa.  
3. Hilton Honors Worldwide LLC ("Hilton Honors Worldwide") owns, operates and 
administers the Hilton HonorsΓäó guest reward program . You must participate in the 
programs of Hilton Honors Worldwide. 
4. Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC ("HSS") provides computer hardware, software and 
support services for all HiltonΓÇÖs brands and signs HiltonΓÇÖs Information Technology System 
Agreement (ΓÇ£HITS AgreementΓÇ¥). 
Some of our affiliates, also direct and indirect subsidiaries of Hilton Worldwide, own, lease and/or 
manage Curio Brand hotels throughout the world. You may be given the opportunity to have one 
of our affiliates manage your Hotel under a management agreement to be signed at the same 
time as, or after, you sign your Franchise Agreement. 
In this Disclosure Document, we may collectively refer to our former affiliated predecessor 
franchisor entities as the ΓÇ£former franchising entities.ΓÇ¥ The principal business address for each of 

   6     2026 US CURIO 
our affiliates is 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite  1100, McLean, Virginia 22102 unless otherwise 
noted.   
Our Licenses 
 
This Disclosure Document describes our franchise for hotels which will operate in the US under 
the Curio Brand.  Our affiliates offer franchises for hotels that will operate under the Curio Brand 
outside the US under separate disclosure documents. 
We license the Curio System (the "System")  which consists of the elements, including know-how, 
that we periodically designate to identify hotels operating worldwide under the Brand and currently 
includes the Marks; access to a reservation service; advertising, publicity and other marketing 
programs and materials; training programs and materials, standards, specifications and policies 
for construction, furnishing, operation, appearance and service of the hotel, and other elements 
we refer to in the Franchise Agreement, in the Manual (as that term is defined in our current form 
of Franchise Agreement) or in other communications to you; and, programs for our inspecting the 
hotel and consulting with you .  We may add elements to the System or modify, alter or delete 
elements of the System.   
We franchise the non-exclusive right to use the System in the operation of your Hotel, under the 
Brand, at a specified location. You must follow the high standards we have established as the 
essence of the System. You will be required to make future investments.    
The Franchise Agreement you sign will provide for new development, conversion, change of 
ownership, or re-licensing, depending on your situation. These situations are referred to in this 
Disclosure Document as "New Development," ΓÇ£Conversion,ΓÇ¥ "Change of Ow nership," and ΓÇ£Re -
licensing,ΓÇ¥ respectively.  New Development refers to new building construction.  Conversion refers 
to the renovation of an existing building to bring it into compliance with our Brand Standards so 
that it may operate as a Brand hotel. Change of Ownership refers to the transfer of ownership or 
control of an existing Brand hotel to a new owner. Re -licensing refers to the grant of a new 
franchise after the expiration of a prior franchise for the same hotel. Adaptive Reuse is also a 
category shown on the Franchise Application. It is a form of Conversion.   
We also offer franchises for an eforea spa to be located at the hotel, featuring an exclusive menu 
of treatment journeys and innovative design elements, including unique zones that a spa guest 
passes through on their treatment journey. If you elect to add an eforea spa to your Hotel, you 
must sign the Eforea Spa Amendment to Franchise Agreement (ΓÇ£Spa AmendmentΓÇ¥) attached as 
Exhibit D-3. If you sign the Spa Amendment, the System will include the eforea spa and all of its 
elements and you must comply with the eforea spa Manual. In that  case, references in this 
Disclosure Document to the Manual will also include the eforea spa Manual. If there is a conflict 
between the Manual, and the eforea spa Manual, the eforea spa Manual will control. If you are 
operating a spa under a trademark other than eforea, the System will not include the eforea spa 
concept, but you still must comply with the System and our requirements related to spas generally, 
as found in our Manual. The franchisee of the eforea spa must be the franchisee under the 
Franchise Agreement. 
We also offer licenses for the Restaurant Brands that may be used in the operation of one or more 
restaurants, bars, or other food and beverage outlets at your Hotel. We began offering these 
Restaurant Brands in 2024. We will offer several different Restaurant Brands that reflect different 
dining concepts, as detailed on Exhibit J -2. Our Restaurant Brands are optional. You are not 
required to use any Restaurant Brand at your Hotel. Each Restaurant Brand features a distinctive 

   7     2026 US CURIO 
brand name and trademark that conveys a specific identity, concept, and theme, and the type of 
dining experience for guests, including the type of food and beverages offered, the d├⌐cor, 
ambiance, lighting, music, operating supplies, and service experience.  For each Restaurant 
Brand we will provide the brand name and trademark, along with a package of support materials 
that may include signage  guidelines, menu templates, design and visual identity guides, staff 
uniform guidelines, and other supporting collateral for the concept. We may also specify the types 
and quality level of food and beverages that you may offer, in keeping with the Restaurant Brand 
concept. Although we do not mandate entire menus (specifying every food and beverage item 
that you must off er), we may require you to offer certain items that we deem to be signature 
elements of the brand (ΓÇ£Signature Menu ItemsΓÇ¥). Generally, we do not place any restrictions on 
your sources of food products or other items used in the restaurant, however: (a) any  sourcing 
restrictions that apply to food and beverage outlets generally under the Standards apply to the 
Restaurant Brands; and (b) we may designate specific sources for Signature Menu Items in the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines. Currently, the Restaurant Br ands do not have any quality 
assurance or training requirements in addition to or separate from those that exist generally under 
the Standards, but we may develop such additional requirements in the future.  
 
Food and beverage outlets utilizing Restaurant Brands may be developed and opened in a hotel 
at any time. We anticipate that most outlets will be developed and opened in connection with 
construction or renovation work that is undertaken in connection with a New Development, 
Conversion, Change of Ownership, Re -licensing, renovation, or other type of hotel transaction. 
Accordingly, our Restaurant Brands are intended to fall within the cost estimates for developing 
a new standard prototype hotel with a food an d beverage outlet as outlined in this Disclosure 
Document (as part of either a New Development or Conversion), other than the fees shown in 
Items 5 and 6.  
 
If you elect to add a Restaurant Brand food and beverage outlet to your Hotel, you must sign the 
Restaurant Brand Amendment to Franchise Agreement (ΓÇ£Restaurant Brand AmendmentΓÇ¥) 
attached as Exhibit D -4. If you sign the Restaurant Brand Amendment, the Syste m will include 
the Restaurant Brand and all of its elements and you must comply with the Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines. In that case, all references in this Disclosure Document to the Standards or the 
Manual will also include the Restaurant Brand Guidelines. If there is a conflict between the Manual 
and the Restaurant Brand Guidelines, the Restaurant Brand Guidelines will control. If you are 
operating a food and beverage outlet under a trademark other than a Restaurant Brand, the 
System will not include the Restaurant Brand, but you still must comply with the System and our 
requirements related to restaurants and other food and beverage outlets generally, as found in 
the Manual. The franchisee of the Restaurant Brand must be the franchisee under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
Except for the licenses described above, we, our parents, affiliates and predecessors have not 
offered licenses or franchises for this or any other type of business. 
The Market and Competition 
 
The market for your services will depend on your property's location, size and its type of operation 
(that is, resort, conference center, hotel for frequent business travelers, etc.).  Franchisees seek 
customers and business referrals from the local community and typically solicit business from 
conventions and tour and travel groups, on a regional and national level.  If you are operating an 
eforea spa or a food and beverage outlet that utilizes a Restaurant Brand, you will market your 
products and services to patrons of the hotel and the local community. 

   8     2026 US CURIO 
In general, you will compete with national and international hotel and motel chains and 
independently operated local hotels and restaurants offering similar types of hotel rooms and food 
and beverage services to the same clientele .  Your convention and meeting facilities will also 
compete with national, international and independent hotels and convention centers and their 
restaurants in other regions.  If you are operating an eforea spa, you will compete with other spa 
concepts, wellness centers, and other parties offering the same or similar services.  This would 
include salons that offer many of the services your spa will offer and individuals and businesses 
that provide certain of the services you offer, such as massage therapists. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging and related services, 
both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates .  Some of these 
activities may be competitive with your Hotel and the System.  We and/or our affiliates may own, 
operate, franchise, license, acquire , create or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee for, 
competitive guest lodging facilities or networks anywhere, including within any Restricted Area, 
under any brands or marks (but not, within any Restricted Area under the Brand or mark ΓÇ£CurioΓÇ¥).  
We and/or our affiliates may also furnish services, products, advice and support to guest lodging 
facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, including within any Restricted 
Area, in any manner that we, or our affiliates determine.  We and/or any of our affiliates may be 
sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself has 
established or may establish competitive guest lodging facilities located anywhere (provided that 
any Restricted Area protections will be observed).  Further, we and/or our affiliates may purchase, 
merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other way with any franchised or non -franchised network or 
chain of guest lodging facilities or any other business operating guest lodging facilities regardless 
of the location of that network, chain or other businessΓÇÖs facilities, including within any Restricted 
Area, and that we may operate, franchise or license those other facilities under any brands or 
marks anywhere regardless of the location of those businesses and/or facilities .  There is no 
mechanism for resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels 
described in this paragraph. 
Laws, Rules and Regulations 
 
Your Hotel must conform to all applicable lodging, hotel, and rental property laws, innkeeper 
liability laws, as well as laws and regulations regarding fire, life, health and safety, food handling 
and preparation, menu and labeling laws, alcoholic beverage control laws and dram shop acts, 
license, certificate , and permit requirements for your HotelΓÇÖs occupancy and operation , laws 
regulating the posting of rates , fees, and taxes, room occupancy, tax laws, and laws applicable 
to public accommodations and serv ices. Normally you must obtain a certificate of occupancy 
along with permits and licenses to operate your Ho tel, prepare and sell food, sell alcoholic 
beverages, and operate meeting rooms.  
 
Among these laws, t he jurisdiction in which you operate may have  specific laws or regulations  
that: (a) prohibit the overbooking of guest rooms; (b) impose duties on you to receive guests and 
patrons, use reasonable care to protect the safety of those guests and patrons, and to protect 
their property; (c) limit the amount of money a guest or visitor  may recover from a n apartment 
hotel for loss of personal property ; (d) require you to provide a  safe or safe deposit boxes for 
safekeeping of valuables; (e) re quire you to follow detailed measures for the physical safety of 
building occupants, including responding to any communicable diseases or deaths that occur on 
the premises; (f) require you to maintain guest registers with specific guest data and keep those 
records for a period of years; (g) regulate the c leanliness and sizing of bedding, sheets, and 
towels; (h) require your compliance with detailed building codes, dwelling laws, public assembly 
laws, labor laws, and health and sanitation laws; (i) impose requirements concerning data security 

   9     2026 US CURIO 
and data privacy, and data breach notifications. Any food service operations at your Hotel will be 
regulated by federal, state, and local laws  and regulations regarding health, cleanliness  and 
sanitation, the storage, preparation and serving of food and beverages , food containers and 
utensils, water supply, sewage, pest control, personnel, procedures, materials, equipment, and 
maintenance, and menu labeling laws. Any fitness and recreational facilities at your Hotel may be 
subject to federal, state and local laws regarding fitness center operations, swimming pool and 
water facility operations, and safety equipment, including the federal Virginia Graeme Baker Pool 
and Spa Safety Act.  
 
Hotels also subject to federal, state, and local occupational safety and health laws that apply to 
workplace activities and conditions , including Occupational Safety and Health Administration 
(ΓÇ£OSHAΓÇ¥) regulations, and property accessibility requirements, including the Americans with 
Disabilities Act (ΓÇ£ADAΓÇ¥). In addition, the general business laws, rules and regulations which apply 
to hotels in your jurisdiction will affect you . This includes any government orders related to 
emergent conditions, such as natural disasters and public health emergencies. You should seek 
the advice of legal counsel to determine the details of all applicable laws in your jurisdiction and 
whether and to what extent they and other regulations will apply to your Hotel. 
ITEM 2 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
Below is a list of the directors, principal officers, and other individuals who have management 
responsibility for the sale or ope ration of the franchise offered under this Disclosure Document.  
The location of employment for each person is McLean, Virginia unless stated otherwise.   
 
Chief Executive Officer and President: Christopher J. Nassetta 
Mr. Nassetta has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Hilton Worldwide since 
September 2013 . He has served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Hilton since 
December 2007 and was also a Director of Hilton from December 2007 to October 2013.  He 
served as our Chief Executive Officer and President from October 2013 to January 2015.  He 
served as Chief Executive Officer and President of the former franchising entities from October 
2013 until April 2015.   
 
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President: Kevin J. Jacobs 
Mr. Jacobs has served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Hilton 
Worldwide since September 2013 and has also held those positions with us since September 
2013. He has served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Hilton sinc e 
October 2013.  Mr. Jacobs served as President, Global Development for Hilton from July 2020 to 
July 2025. Mr. Jacobs served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of the 
former franchising entities from October 2013 to April 2015.  Mr. Jacobs also served as a Director 
of Hilton from December 2007 to July 2015.    
  
Executive Vice President, General Counsel: Caroline Krass 
Ms. Krass has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since March 
2025.  Before that time, Ms. Krass served as General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Defense, 
where from 2021 to 2025 she was the chief legal officer of the Department and the principal legal 
advisor to the Secretary of Defense.  From 2018 to 2021, Ms. Krass served as Senior Vice 
President & General Counsel, General Insurance and Deputy General Counsel of American 
International Group (AIG), where she led a global legal team supporting the primary business unit, 
as well as the cybersecurity and privacy, technology and innovation teams.  Before that time Ms. 
Krass served as the General Counsel of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. 

   10     2026 US CURIO 
 
President, Global Brands and Commercial Services:  Christopher Silcock 
Mr. Silcock has served as President, Global Brand s and Commercial Services since January 
2024. He served as Executive Vice President ΓÇô Chief Operating Officer, Customer and 
Commercial Operations from May 2019 to January 2024. He served as Executive Vice President 
ΓÇô Chief Commercial Officer of Hilton World wide and Hilton from September 2015 through April 
2019 and as HWMLΓÇÖs Senior Vice President since July 2014. He served as Senior Vice President 
Sales & Revenue Management of Hilton Worldwide and Hilton from September 2014 to August 
2015.  
 
Chief Development Officer and Executive Vice President: Christian Charnaux 
Mr. Charnaux has served as Chief Development Officer since July 2025.  He was Chief Growth 
Officer for Inspire Brands from March 2018 to July 2025. Previously, Mr. Charnaux served as 
HiltonΓÇÖs Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance from December 2016 to March 2018 and as 
Senior Vice President, Investor Relations from September 2013 to December 2016. Additionally, 
he served as HiltonΓÇÖs Vice President, Global Brands Strategy from July 2012 to September 2013; 
Senior Director, Strategy and Innovation from Janu ary 2012 to July 2012; and Senior 
Director/Director, Strategy and Business Development Global Brands and Commercial Services 
from June 2009 to January 2012. 
 
Global Category Leader of Lifestyle Brands: Kevin Osterhaus  
Mr. Osterhaus has served as HiltonΓÇÖs Global Category Leader of Lifestyle Brands since May 2024. 
He served as President of Graduate Hotels for AJ Capital Partners in Nashville, Tennessee from 
November 2021 to May 2024. He previously served as Chief Operatin g Officer of Ennismore in 
London, United Kingdom from December 2017 to November 2021. 
 
SVP Lifestyle Brand Management: Jenna Hackett 
Jenna Hackett is the Senior Vice President of Lifestyle Brand Management, responsible for the 
strategic direction, vision, growth, and performance of these lifestyle brands. Jenna has been with 
Hilton since 2011, in a series of escalating and cross-departmental roles. She has been with Curio 
Collection since its inception in 2014, worked on Hilton Hotels & Resorts and DoubleTree, spent 
time in a dual role, reporting into both Americas Development and Brand, and then went onto 
launch Tapestry Collection and Signia by Hilton. Most recently she was Brand Leader of Canopy 
and Curio and Tapestry Collections and oversaw the acquisition of Graduate  
 
Global Brand Leader - Curio Collection by Hilton: Brooke Thomas 
Ms. Thomas has served as Senior Director and Brand Leader of Curio Collection by Hilton since 
January 2025. Ms. Thomas served as Senior Director, Brand Management Curio Collection by 
Hilton from March 2024 to January 2025. She was Director, Brand Management Curio Collection 
by Hilton from August 2022 to March 2024 and Director, Brand Manageme nt Curio & Tapestry 
Collections by Hilton from March 2022 to August 2022. Prior to that Ms. Thomas served as 
Manager and Senior Manager, Brand Management in the Hilton, Curio, and Tapestry brands from 
February 2019 to March 2022. She served as Coordinator, Brand Hospitality ΓÇô Full Service from 
October 2017 to February 2019. 
 
Vice President and Global Head of Residential Programs:  Jonathan Wingo 
Mr. Wingo has served as Vice President and Global Head of Residential Programs since 
September 2016.  He previously served as Director, Residential Development & Operations for 
Europe, Africa & the Middle East at Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. f rom October 
2012 to September 2016. 
 

   11     2026 US CURIO 
Senior Vice President ΓÇô Food & Beverage Operations & Development, Americas:   
Brian Abel 
Mr. Abel has served as HiltonΓÇÖs Senior Vice President ΓÇô Food & Beverage Operations, Americas 
since May 2025. Prior to that, Mr. Abel was the Founder & Principal of BEGIN Hospitality from 
January 2023 to May 2025. He served as Senior Vice President, Operations of Celebrity Cruises, 
Inc. from May 2015 to June 2022. Mr. Abel served as Vice President, Food & Beverage of Royal 
Caribbean International from May 2014 to May 2015. 
 
Senior Vice President ΓÇô Development ΓÇô US and Canada: Matthew G. Wehling 
Mr. Wehling has served as HiltonΓÇÖs Senior Vice President ΓÇô Development ΓÇô US and Canada since 
January 2015.  
 
Vice President ΓÇô Development Latin American & Caribbean: Pablo Maturana 
Mr. Maturana has served as Vice President Development Latin America & The Caribbean (CALA) 
since March 2024.  He previously served as Vice President of Development Caribbean & South 
America from September 2022 to January 2024.  Before that time, he was Managing Director of 
Development South America & The Caribbean from July 2019 to January 2024. 
 
Vice President and Managing Director ΓÇô Development ΓÇô Southeast Region:  
John Koshivos 
Mr. Koshivos has served as HiltonΓÇÖs Vice President and Managing Director ΓÇô Development ΓÇô 
Southeast Region since April 2014.  
 
Vice President and Managing Director ΓÇô Development ΓÇô Southwest Region: Patrick Speer 
Mr. Speer has served as HiltonΓÇÖs Vice President & Managing Director Development ΓÇô Southwest 
Region since March 2020.   He previously served as Vice President Development ΓÇô Southwest 
Region since September 2017.   Mr. Speer served as Sr. Director Development ΓÇô Southwest 
Region since January 2015. 
 
Vice President and Managing Director ΓÇô Development ΓÇô Northeast Region/Canada: 
Thomas Lorenzo 
Mr. Lorenzo has served as HiltonΓÇÖs Vice President and Managing Director ΓÇô Development ΓÇô 
Northeast Region/Canada since October 2010. 
 
Vice President and Managing Director ΓÇô Development ΓÇô Northwest Region: Lisa Waldron 
Ms. Waldron has served as Vice President and Managing Director Development ΓÇô Northwest 
Region since May 2021. Before that time, Ms. Waldron served as Senior Director Development 
from January 2004 to April 2021. 
 
Vice President ΓÇô Management Contract Services and Owner Relations: Dianne Jaskulske 
Ms. Jaskulske has served as HiltonΓÇÖs Vice PresidentΓÇôManagement Contract Services and Owner 
Relations since February 2000. 
 
Vice President & Senior Counsel Development: John Shults 
Mr. Shults has served as Hilton's Vice President & Sr. Counsel Development since February 
2020. Mr. Shults has supported the Americas Development and Owner Relations team at Hilton 
since February 2016. He previously supported Hilton's Real Estate & Asset Management team in 
the Americas from November 2009 until February 2016. 
 

   12     2026 US CURIO 
Director, Chairman: Jonathan D. Gray  
Jonathan D. Gray has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Hilton Worldwide since 
March 2010.  He is currently President and Chief Operating Officer for The Blackstone Group in 
New York, New York, with which he has been associated since 1992.  
 
Director: Douglas M. Steenland 
Mr. Steenland has served as a Director of Hilton Worldwide since September 2013.  He has been 
a Consultant in Washington, DC and Senior Advisor to BlackstoneΓÇÖs Private Equity Group since 
2009. 
 
Director: Marissa A. Mayer  
Ms. Mayer has served as a Director of Hilton Worldwide since May 2025. She has served as the 
CEO and Founder of Dazzle AI Inc. since October 2025. Before that time, she served as CEO 
and Founder of Sunshine Products from March 2018 to October 2025. She has  served as a 
director on the boards of Starbucks since June 2025, AT&T since March 2024, and Walmart since 
June 2012. She previously served as CEO, President, and Director of Yahoo!, Inc. from July 2012 
to June 2017.  
 
Director: Elizabeth A. Smith 
Ms. Smith has served as a director of Hilton Worldwide since December 2013. She has been a 
member of the board of directors of BloominΓÇÖ Brands, Inc. since November 2009 and previously 
served as its Executive Chairman from April 2019 to February 2020, its C hairman from January 
2012 to April 2019, and its Chief Executive Officer from November 2009 to April 2019. 
 
Director: Charlene Begley 
Ms. Begley has served as a Director of Hilton Worldwide since April 2017.  She has served as a 
Director of Nasdaq, Inc. and Red Hat since November 2014, and as a Director of WPP plc since 
December 2013.   
 
Director: Melanie L. Healey 
Ms. Healey has served as a Director of Hilton Worldwide since September 2017.    She served 
as Group President of The Procter & Gamble Company from July 2007 to June 2015.   She 
currently serves as a director on the boards of PPG Industries, Verizon Communications and 
Target Corporation.   
 
Director: Raymond E. Mabus, Jr. 
Mr. Mabus has served as a Director of Hilton Worldwide since September 2017.   He served as 
Secretary of the Navy from May 2009 to January 2017.    
 
Director: Chris Carr 
Mr. Carr has been a director since August 2020.  He has been the Chief Operating Officer of 
Sweetgreen, Inc. since May 2020.  Previously, Mr. Carr was Executive Vice President and Chief 
Procurement Officer of Starbucks Corporation from December 2016 to May 2019, and Executive 
Vice President, Americas, from February 2014 to November 2016. 
ITEM 3 
LITIGATION 
Other than the actions described below, there is no litigation that must be disclosed in this Item. 

   13     2026 US CURIO 
A. PENDING ACTIONS  
Bow Hospitality LLC v. Hilton Franchise Holding LLC  (Superior Court of Kent County, Rhode 
Island), Case No. KC-2025-1291.  
On January 24, 2025, the plaintiff filed suit against us alleging breach of contract and breach of 
the covenant of good faith and fair dealing under the Rhode Island Dealership Act in connection 
with our termination of plaintiffΓÇÖs franchise agreement for the Hampton Inn & Suites 
Providence/Warwick Airport for failing to comply with Hampton brand standards. We intend to 
vigorously defend our interests in this matter.  
In re Extended Stay Hotel Antitrust Litigation (N.D. Cal.), Civil Case No. 4:24-civil-09060 (Class 
Action). 
On July 24, 2024, a putative class action complaint captioned Au v. Integrated Decisions and 
Systems, Inc., Civil Case No. 1:24-civil-06324, was filed in the United States District Court for the 
Northern District of Illinois against IDeaS, and several hotel defendants, including Hilton 
Worldwide, asserting alleged violations of Section 1 of the Sherman Act. The complaint alleges 
that the hotel defendants improperly shared information with competing hotels through IDeaS and 
used IDeaSΓÇÖs revenue management software to improperly set room rates in extended stay hotel 
markets throughout the United States.   
On September 10, 2024, a substantially similar lawsuit captioned Gonzalez v. Integrated 
Decisions and Systems, Inc., Civil Case No. 1:24-civil-06324, was filed in the Northern District of 
Illinois. The Gonzalez and Au matters were consolidated on September 19, 2024, and the case 
caption was amended to In re Extended Stay Hotel Antitrust Litigation. On November 15, 2024, a 
consolidated amended complaint was filed and the matter transferred to the Northern District of 
California on December 13, 2024. The hotel defendants filed a motion to dismiss which has been 
fully briefed and pending before the Court since October 24, 2025. Hilton Worldwide intends to 
vigorously defend its interests in this matter. 
Hanson Dai v. SAS Institute Inc. (N.D. Cal.), Civil Case No. 4:24-cv-02537 (Class Action). 
On April 26, 2024, a putative class action complaint captioned Dai v. SAS Institute Inc., Civil Case 
No. 4:24 -cv-02527, was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of 
California against Integrated Decisions and Systems, Inc. and SAS Institute, Inc. (together, 
ΓÇ£IDeaSΓÇ¥) and several hotel defendants, including Hilton Worldwide, asserting alleged violations of 
Section 1 of the Sherman Act. The complaint alleges that the hotel defendants improperly shared 
information with competing ho tels through IDeaS and used IDeaSΓÇÖs revenue management 
software to improperly set room rates in various hotel markets throughout the United States.   
On June 7, 2024, a substantially similar lawsuit captioned Steven Shattuck v. SAS Institute Inc., 
Civil Case No. 4:24-cv-03424, was filed in the Northern District of California. The Shattuck case 
was consolidated with Dai, and on July 15, 2024, a consolidated amended complaint was filed.  
The hotel defendants filed a motion to dismiss on August 29, 2024.  On July 18, 2025, the Court 
granted the hotel defendantsΓÇÖ motion to dismiss with leave to amend. Plaintiffs filed an amended 
complaint on August 25, 2025. The hotel defendants filed a motion to dismiss which has been 
fully briefed and pending before the court since October 20, 2025. Hilton Worldwide intends to 
vigorously defend its interests in this matter.   

   14     2026 US CURIO 
Ryan Segal v. Amadeus IT Group, S.A., et. al. (N.D. Ill.), Civil No. 1:24-civil-01783 (Class Action).   
On March 1, 2024, plaintiff filed a class action lawsuit against Amadeus IT Group, S.A., Amadeus 
Hospitality Americas, Inc., and several hotel companies including Hilton Worldwide. Plaintiff 
alleges that the defendants violated the Sherman Act by agreeing to exchange certain data 
through Amadeus, thereby allegedly allowing the hotel defendants to set higher room rates at 
luxury hotels in certain markets. On March 25, 2024, Hilton Domestic Operating Company, Inc. 
was substituted as a defendant in place of Hi lton Worldwide. On March 31, 2025, the Court 
granted the hotel defendants' motion to dismiss finding that Plaintiff failed to allege viable antitrust 
claims based on information sharing. On April 28, 2025, Plaintiff filed a third Amended Complaint. 
The hotel defendants filed a motion to dismiss which has been fully briefed and pending before 
the court since August 27, 2025. Hilton Worldwide intends to vigorously defend its interests in this 
matter.  
Jeanette Portillo, et. al.  v. CoStar Group, Inc., et. al. (W.D. Wash.), Civil No. 2:24-cv-00229 (Class 
Action).  
On February 20, 2024, plaintiffs filed a class action lawsuit against the CoStar Group, Inc. and its 
subsidiary STR, Inc., together with several hotel companies including Hilton Worldwide.  Plaintiffs 
allege that the defendants violated the Sherman Act by exchanging competitive data through 
Smith Travel Research (STR), owned by the CoStar and STR defendants, which allegedly 
resulted in higher room rates at luxury hotels in certain markets. On April 16, 2024, Hilton 
Domestic Operating Company Inc. was substituted as a defendant in place of Hilton Worldwide.  
On August 29, 2025, the Court granted the hotel defendantsΓÇÖ motion to dismiss, with leave to 
amend. Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint on September 29, 2025.  The hotel defendants filed 
a motion to dismiss which has been fully briefed and pending before the court since January 6, 
2026.  Hilton Domestic Operating Company intends to vigorously defend its interests in this 
matter.  
B. CONCLUDED ACTIONS ΓÇô INVOLVING US OR HILTON (F/K/A HHC, HWI, and PARK) 
AAAA Property Partners LLC v. Hilton Franchise Holding LLC (M.D. Fla. Case No. 6:25-cv-00132-
CEM-RMN).  
 
On January 24, 2025, the plaintiff filed suit against us in Orange County, Florida (Filing No. 
215324302) alleging breach of contract arising in connection with our termination of plaintiffΓÇÖs 
franchise for the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando I -4 Millenia Boulevard Mall. We terminated the 
franchise for material breaches of the Franchise Agreement including but not limited to payment 
defaults. On January 28, 2025, the matter was removed to federal court. The parties resolved the 
case on March 5, 2025 by agreeing to terminate the Franchise Agreement as of January 27, 2025, 
and the plaintiff agreed to dismiss the lawsuit and sell the property within 150 days. We also 
agreed not to enforce the former franchiseeΓÇÖs post-termination obligations, including the payment 
of liquidated damages.  
 
State of Texas v. Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. (District Court of Collin County, Texas, 
CAUSE NO. 296-02595-2023). 
On May 23, 2023, the plaintiff filed suit against Hilton alleging the violations of the Texas 
Deceptive Trade Practices Act in relation to how mandatory guest fees are disclosed to 
consumers. Mandatory guest fees are amounts that hotels charge guests for c ertain amenities 
separate from the daily room rate.  Plaintiff alleged that Hilton failed to include mandatory guest 

   15     2026 US CURIO 
fees in advertisements and disclosures made to consumers during the telephone booking 
process, and improperly disclosed these fees only at the end of the online booking process. 
Plaintiff also alleged misrepresentation in instances when hotels have indicat ed that mandatory 
guest fees pay for certain amenities when those amenities were routinely provided at no cost or 
bundled in the room rate, and/or when amenities were advertised as free but were actually 
covered by the mandatory guest fee. Plaintiff sought  an injunction, restitution for Texas 
consumers, civil penalties, attorneysΓÇÖ fees and costs. In January 2025, the parties settled the 
case. Without admitting any fault, Hilton agreed to pay Texas $2.1 million and to disclose, display, 
and sort guest rooms by their total cost on its hotel reservation websites, require third party 
platforms to do th e same, inform customers of all material facts about bookings, refrain from 
making misrepresentations or misleading customers, and comply with Texas law. 
 
State of Nebraska v. Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. (District Court of Lancaster County, 
Nebraska, Case No. D02CI190002366). 
On July 23, 2019, the plaintiff filed suit against Hilton alleging the violations of the Nebraska 
Consumer Protection Act and Uniform Deceptive Trade Practices Act in relation to how mandatory 
guest fees are disclosed to consumers.   Mandatory guest fees ar e amounts that hotels charge 
guests for certain amenities separate and apart from the daily room rate, which may be called by 
different names such as resort fees, urban fees, or destination fees.  Plaintiff alleged that Hilton 
failed to include mandatory g uest fees in advertisements and disclosures made to consumers 
during the telephone booking process, and improperly disclosed these fees only at the end of the 
online booking process.   Plaintiff also alleged misrepresentation in instances when hotels 
indicated that mandatory guest fees pay for certain amenities when those amenities were 
routinely provided at no cost or bundled in the room rate, and/or when amenities were advertised 
as free but actually covered by the mandatory guest fee.  Plaintiff sought an injunction, restitution 
for consumers, civil penalties, and attorneysΓÇÖ fees and costs. In February 2024, without admitting 
any fault, Hilton entered into a settlement agreement with Plaintiff and agreed to pay $300,000 
and clearly disclose all mandatory fees and the total price for a booking. 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC v. Portland Hotel Ownership, et al. (Fairfax County Circuit Court, 
Case Number, Case Number 2020-14233).  
On September 17, 2020, we filed suit against Portland Hotel Ownership, LLC, a former franchisee 
of a Curio brand hotel, for breach of contract arising from the early termination of the franchise 
agreement. We also filed a breach of promissory note action a gainst the franchisee and Jolaine 
Associates, LLC, as co -makers of a development incentive note issued in connection with the 
franchise agreement. The defendants counterclaimed on November 10, 2020, for breach of 
contract, fraudulent inducement, and other ancillary claims. The defendants contended that we 
made false representations as to exclusivity of the brand market and brand market support and 
sought $30,000,000 in damages. After the court dismissed several of the defendantΓÇÖs 
counterclaims, in June 2021  the defendant filed an amended counterclaim alleging breach of 
contract, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, fraudulent inducement, fraud, and 
unlawful practices under New York Franchise Law. On July 28, 2022, the parties settled this case 
by agreeing to dismiss all claims and exchange general releases. 
San Pedro Inn, LP v. Hilton Franchise Holding LLC (Superior Court of New Jersey Chancery 
Division General Equity Part, Union County Docket No. UNN-C- 121 19). 
On July 18, 2019, we sent a notice to terminate plaintiffΓÇÖs franchise for a Hampton hotel for failure 
to cure a material breach of the franchise agreement.   On August 28, 2019, plaintiff filed a 

   16     2026 US CURIO 
complaint alleging wrongful termination under the New Jersey Franchise Practices Act.   Plaintiff 
claimed that we imposed unreasonable Quality Assurance standards and that an inspection was 
hindered by plaintiffΓÇÖs former employee. Plaintiff sought an injunction to stop the termination plus 
damages, attorneysΓÇÖ fees, costs, and other relief. The Court denied the injunction on December 
18, 2019, and plaintiff filed a motion for reconsideration.  We filed an answer and counterclaim on 
January 21, 2020, denying the allegations and asserting claims for liquidated damages, attorneysΓÇÖ 
fees, and costs.   The parties settled the case on September 25, 2020. The parties agreed to 
dismiss all claims, exchange general releases, and terminate the franchise on April 28, 2021 
without the payment of any termination damages or litigation costs by either party. 
U.S. v. Hilton Hotels Corporation, et al. (United States District Court, District of Oregon, Case No. 
70-310).  
On or about May 12, 1970, the United States filed a civil complaint against HHC (among other 
defendants), alleging the violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act consisting of engaging in a 
combination and conspiracy in restraint of trade by giving preferential treatment to hotel suppliers 
paying assessments to the Greater Portland Convention Association and by curtailing or 
threatening to curtail purchases of hotel supplies from hotel suppliers which did not pay 
assessments to the Greater Portland Convention Association. On or about November 29, 1971, 
pursuant to a stipulation filed October 26, 1971, the court entered a final judgment against HHC 
enjoining and restraining it from engaging in any agreement, understanding, combination, 
conspiracy or concert of  action to give or promise to give preferential treatment in purchasing 
hotel supplies to any hotel suppliers, or to curtail or terminate or threaten to curtail or terminate 
the purchase of hotel supplies from any hotel suppliers. The order and injunction further restrained 
and enjoined HHC from engaging in activities which were the subject matter of the Complaint in 
the action. This restraining order and injunction applied to HHC, its subsidiaries (including Hilton 
Inns), and the officers and directors of HHC and its subsidiaries. 
C. COLLECTION SUITS BROUGHT AGAINST FRANCHISEES AND FORMER 
FRANCHISEES IN 2025 
 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC v. ML Plaza Owner LLC (Cir. Ct. of Fairfax County, Virginia), Case 
No. CL-2026-0003448.  
On February 27, 2026, we filed a complaint against a former Hilton brand franchisee for amounts 
past due and liquidated damages arising from the early termination of the franchise agreement 
for failing to pay monthly fees.  
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC v. Unique Crowne Hospitality LLC et al. (E.D. Va.) Case No. 1:25-
cv-01604-MSN-WEF.  
 
On August 25, 2025, we filed a complaint against a former DoubleTree brand franchisee and its 
guarantor for damages and fees arising from the early termination of the franchise agreement for 
failing to comply with DoubleTree brand standards. 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC v. Empower Metro Center LLC (Cir. Ct. of Fairfax County, Virginia, 
Case No. CL-2025-0003051).  
On February 28, 2025, we filed a complaint  against a former Hampton brand franchisee for 
damages and fees arising from the early termination of the franchise agreement for failure to 
commence or complete the construction of the hotel. On January 14, 2026, the parties agreed to 
a settlement that was favorable to us and we agreed to dismiss the case.  

   17     2026 US CURIO 
In re: 177 BFP, LLC (US Bankruptcy Court, E.D. Penn., Case No. 25-13225-amc).   
On August 14, 2025, we filed a petition in this Chapter 7 bankruptcy action to collect an unpaid 
judgment against a former Embassy Suites franchisee for amounts past due, liquidated damages, 
and attorneysΓÇÖ fees. The Court appointed a trustee on October 7, 2025 and a meeting of the 
creditors is scheduled for April 8, 2026. 
 
ITEM 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
The following is a list of all initial fees charged by or payable to us or our affiliates.  Unless 
otherwise stated, these are not refundable under any circumstances.   
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
General 
Franchise 
Application Fee ΓÇô 
New Development or 
Conversion 
$85,000 plus $400 for 
each additional guest 
room or suite over 250. 
With 
Application. 
See Note 1. 
Franchise 
Application Fee ΓÇô 
Change of 
Ownership 
$150,000 With 
Application. 
See Note 1. 
Franchise 
Application Fee ΓÇô 
Re-licensing 
$85,000 With 
Application. 
See Note 1. 
Property 
Improvement Plan 
(ΓÇ£PIPΓÇ¥) Fee  
$10,000 Before PIP 
inspection is 
scheduled. 
Payable to prepare a PIP for a 
Conversion, Change of Ownership, 
or Re-licensing of an existing hotel. 
In some circumstances, we may 
waive the PIP fee or apply the PIP 
fee towards the payment of the 
Franchise Application Fee, but we 
are not obligated to do so. 
Construction or 
Renovation Work 
Extension Fee  
$10,000   With written 
request for 
extension.  
You must start and complete the 
construction work or renovation 
work at your Hotel by the dates 
specified in your Franchise 
Agreement. See Note 2.  
Computer System Fees  
OnQ Computer 
System Fees ΓÇô 
Hardware, Software 
& Installation 
Currently, between 
$82,800 and $218,800. 
As agreed. See Note 3. 

   18     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
Other Initial Start Up 
Fees 
 
Currently, $6,500.  As incurred 
before 
opening. 
This includes the initial set up fees 
for the GRO system, a Digital Floor 
Plan, and the Hilton Opening 
Transition Tool, which are separate 
from the OnQ system listed above. 
See Note 3.  
Spa Services 
Initial Fee $25,000 When you 
sign the 
Eforea Spa 
Amendment. 
See Note 4. 
Restaurant Brands 
Development 
Services Fee 
$75,000 Half when 
you sign the 
Restaurant 
Brands 
Amendment, 
and half 
upon 
opening the 
Restaurant. 
Restaurant Brands are optional. 
This fee is due for each Restaurant 
Brand you select. See Note 5. 
Training 
Training Program 
Fees 
Currently, $5,000 to 
$15,000. 
As agreed. We provide required training 
programs and materials that your 
general manager and other 
personnel in key functions must 
complete before opening a new 
Brand hotel. We may charge you for 
the training services and materials, 
including any Pre-Opening Training 
Resources. You must also bear the 
cost of wages, travel, lodging, food, 
and other expenses of your general 
manager and any other attendees. 
See Item 11 for details.   
Miscellaneous Services and Programs 
Opening Process 
Services Fee 
$20,000 Before 
Opening. 
This fee is to help recoup our costs 
in providing certain pre-opening 
services to help you open your 
Hotel, such as guidance with 
commercial planning, activation of 
appropriate programs, and tools and 
resources available to Brand hotels. 
Revenue 
Management 
Consolidated Center 
(RMCC) 
Pre-Opening Support, 
currently $4,059 to 
$8,880. 
 
Within 10 
days of 
billing. 
If your Hotel has an expedited 
opening of 150 days or less, we may 
require RMCC pre-opening support. 
We may also require post-opening 
support for a minimum of 12 months. 
See Item 6 for details. 

   19     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
Procurement and 
Services Fees 
Currently, 4% to 10% of 
project cost. 
As agreed. Payable if we or our affiliates 
furnish, supply, service or equip 
your Hotel at your request. These 
fees are in addition to the cost of the 
products acquired for you, plus 
freight, sales tax and other actual 
costs incurred. See Note 6.  
Miscellaneous 
Services 
As agreed. As agreed. We or our affiliates may periodically 
offer you additional services. These 
could include additional training for 
you and your employees, assistance 
in recruiting various types of 
employees, and other services and 
programs. Most of these services 
and programs will be optional, but 
some, including systems upgrades 
and changes in System standards, 
which may require additional 
mandatory training or participation in 
additional programs, may be 
mandatory. 
NOTES 
1. All prospective franchisees must complete an Application to operate a System Hotel. The 
current form Application is attached as Exhibit  F. When you submit the Application to us for 
processing, you must pay an initial fee (ΓÇ£Franchise Application FeeΓÇ¥).  Once we approve your 
Application, the Franchise Application Fee is non -refundable except as described in this Item  5.  
You must provide all the information we ask for in your Application.  If we approve your Application 
before you supply all of the information, our approval will be conditioned on receiving the rest of 
the information within the time we specify.  If you fail to provide the rest of the information within 
the specified time, we may terminate our offer.  If we approve your Application subject to certain 
requirements, we may terminate our offer if you fail to meet those requirements.  If we terminate 
our offer, we will not refund the Franchise Application Fee.  If you withdraw your Application before 
we approve it, or if we deny your Application, we will refund the Franchise Application Fee, without 
interest, less a $7,500 processing fee, which may be waived or reduced at our discretion.  If your 
Application is for a Change of Ownership and the Change of Ownership does not occur, we will 
refund your Franchise Application Fee, without interest and less a $7,500 processing fee. We 
have occasionally agreed to give full or partial refunds or t o credit the non-refundable Franchise 
Application Fee toward the Franchise Application Fee of another application for the Brand if 
submitted and approved within 6 months or less, but we are not obligated to do so. If you increase 
the proposed number of rooms/suites after your Franchise Application is approved and before the 
opening of your Hotel under the Brand, you must obtain our approval and pay any additional 
Franchise Application Fee owed as if those additional rooms/suites were part of your original 
Franchise Application.  
 
While the Franchise Application Fee is usually applied uniformly, we may elect to reduce it after 
considering criteria which may include: incentives for the development of hotels within the System, 
a hotel's market position, the property size and the number of hotels in the System operated by a 
franchisee.  In limited and unique circumstances, we may waive part of the Franchise Application 

   20     2026 US CURIO 
Fee or negotiate the Franchise Application Fee for franchisees with whom we have previously 
dealt but we are not obligated to do so, even for franchisees possessing these characteristics. In 
2025, franchisees paid Franchise Application Fees ranging from $0 to $100,000 for New 
Development or Conversion and Re-licensing. 
 
In addition to the Franchise Application Fee, if you are applying for a franchise for a hotel that was 
previously operated as a Network Hotel, we may require, as a condition of approving your 
Application, that you pay outstanding royalties and other fees due under the prior franchise 
agreement relating to the Network Hotel. 
 
2. For a New Development, you must start construction within 16 months after the date we 
approve your Application. For a Conversion, Re -Licensing, Change of Ownership, or room 
addition project, you must start the renovation work by the date we have agreed to  in the 
Franchise Agreement or PIP, which is set on a project-by-project basis. For Adaptive Reuse, the 
Franchise Agreement details the conditions under which the Hotel will be considered under 
construction. For all projects (including New Development, Conversion, Re-Licensing, Change of 
Ownership, or room addition project), you must complete the construction or renovation work by 
the date we have agreed to in the Franchise Agreement or PIP, which is set on a project -by-
project basis. If you wish to reque st an extension of any start date or completion date for your 
project, you must submit a written request before that date occurs. If we approve your request, 
you must pay the extension fee and we will set new project start and completion dates accordingly.  
However, in New Development or Conversion projects the start date and completion date will be 
extended by 30 days on a rolling basis automatically without a fee unless we provide at least 60 
daysΓÇÖ notice to you that these automatic extensions will end. At that point, if you wish to request 
any further extension, you must submit a written request before the relevant date occurs. If we 
approve your request, you must pay the extension fee and we will set new project start and 
completion dates accordingly. Occasionally, we may permit a hotel to open before all required 
work is completed. If we authorize the opening of your Hotel before the Hotel Work is completed, 
then as of the Opening Date, any automatic extensions will no longer apply. These automatic 
extensions also will not apply to any Relicensing, Change of Ownership, or room addition projects. 
3. You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically 
change. Currently, we require you to acquire and install the hardware and software for our 
required OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, GRO System, Delphi system, Connecte d 
Room system, Digital Floor Plan, Digital Key system, and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool.  You 
must pay our affiliate, HSS, certain initial set up fees for some of these systems but not all of 
them, as described below.    
OnQ System. Currently, we require you to use the ΓÇ£OnQ┬«ΓÇ¥ system, which connects System Hotels 
to HiltonΓÇÖs reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is comprised of proprietary 
components for reservations, property management, revenue management, rate  & inventory 
management, forecast management, le arning management, and other components for the 
operation of the Hotel. The complete OnQ package currently includes certain hardware, software, 
installation, and support.   
You may acquire the hardware from our affiliate, HSS, or its preferred providers, or you may 
purchase or lease it from other (non -preferred) third-party vendors. You must acquire the OnQ 
software components from HSS or our designated vendors because certai n elements are 
proprietary. The property management system component within the OnQ system is called the 
Hilton Property Management System ("HPMSΓÇ¥). HPMS may also be referred to as the Property 

   21     2026 US CURIO 
Engagement Platform (ΓÇ£PEP┬«ΓÇ¥). We developed HPMS in collaboration with HotelKey, Inc., a third-
party technology company. Certain elements of HPMS are proprietary to Hilton. If you purchase 
the standard OnQ package from HSS, we estimate that it will cost within the range shown here 
for our prototype size of hotel shown in Item 7. This includes hardware, software, installation and 
certain other costs and fees, and is based on the size of the Hotel and number of workstations. 
We are not able to determine a sepa rate market price for the OnQ system because there is no 
third-party market for OnQ in its entirety. See Item 11 for details. 
You must update and upgrade (ΓÇ£refreshΓÇ¥) the OnQ system at least every 3 years, or such longer 
period as we may specify. We may also require you to refresh the OnQ system in connection with 
a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed.  We anticipate 
the cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original installations (but not including 
any elements that were needed for the original installation only).    
Guest Internet Access System. You must provide internet access for all guest rooms and public 
spaces at your Hotel in accordance with our Standards (ΓÇ£Guest Internet AccessΓÇ¥). Currently, our 
approved Guest Internet Access program is called ΓÇ£StayConnected.ΓÇ¥ The initial set -up costs of 
this system are paid to vendors. See Item 11 for details. 
GRO System. You must install our required Global Revenue Optimization (ΓÇ£GROΓÇ¥) system.  The 
GRO system is an online application that utilizes third -party software to provide pricing 
recommendations for your Hotel based on data analytics and forecasting. You are not required to 
adopt the pricing recommendations provided by GRO. The initial set-up costs of this system that 
are paid to HSS are shown in this table. See Item 11 for details. 
Delphi System. You must install our required ΓÇ£DelphiΓÇ¥ system, which is a cloud -based sales and 
events system from Amadeus Hospitality. You must pay the initial set-up costs of this system to 
the vendor. See Item 11 for details. 
Connected Room System . You must install our ΓÇ£Connected RoomΓÇ¥ system, which provides an 
assortment of streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television  using the 
Hilton Honors App. Currently, there are no initial set up costs that are payable to us or our 
affiliates. The initial set up costs are paid to the vendor, and the ongoing monthly support fees are 
paid to us. See Items 6 and 11 for details.   
Digital Floor Plan. You must pay for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel. HSS 
will have the Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor. The floor plan will be used by us and 
our affiliates, including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their 
room from a map of the hotel and enable digital check -in. The initial set-up cost is paid to HSS. 
See Item 11 for details.  
Digital Key System. You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open 
their guest room doors wirelessly (without a physical door key) with their mobile phones and 
personal mobile devices through the Hilton Honors App. Currently, there is no separate char ge 
for the Digital Key system because it is part of OnQ. See Item 11 for details. 
Hilton Opening Transition Tool. You must use Hilton Opening Transition Tool, which is a pre-
opening guide for System Hotels. Currently, the license fee is up to $1,000.  
 
The costs shown above do not include certain costs payable to third parties in connection with 
the OnQ system. They also do not include costs payable to third parties in connection with our 

   22     2026 US CURIO 
required Guest Internet Access system, Delphi Sales and Events System, or the costs of optional 
computer system components that we may recommend  (including, for example, other business 
computer systems outside of OnQ such as financial and accounting systems, timekeeping and 
payroll, point of sale, telephone, and certain inventory systems). Additionally, these costs do not 
include any delay or re-scheduling fees we may charge you if the opening of your hotel is delayed 
and/or rescheduled. See Item 11 for det ails. Occasionally we may offer discounts and other 
benefits to support the adoption of new technology components, programs, or services. All 
computer system costs are subject to change, and normally are not refundable. See Item 11 for 
a more detailed description of each of these required and recommended computer systems.  
4. Whether we require you to install a spa in your Hotel or we approve your request to install 
a spa in your Hotel, the spa must meet our specifications. We recommend that you install our 
eforea branded spa in your Hotel, but you do not have to use this concept. If you install our eforea 
spa concept in your Hotel, you will sign the Spa Amendment and pay us an initial fee. The fee is 
due when you sign the Spa Amendment and is nonrefundable.  We will provide you with the Hilton 
Global Wellness Design Guidelines,  the Eforea spa design guidelines, a collateral suite, spa 
menus, and access to required training provided by suppliers. After your Hotel opens, you may 
either manage the spa yourself or retain the services of another spa management company 
approved by us.  If you install an alternate spa concept, you must enter into an agreement with a 
third-party spa management company we approve to provide consulting services to you in 
connection with the spa, including spa build-out and design, planning and concept development, 
business model creation, IT, construction and technical services, equipment selection and 
procurement, operational guidelines, menu development, and sales and marketing services.  
5. If you wish to utilize a Restaurant Brand in your Hotel, you must sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and pay us an initial fee. The initial fee is due when you sign the Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and is nonrefundable. We did not agree to modify initial fees in 2025. We will provide 
you with the Restaurant Brand materials described in Item 1 and consult with you on the design 
and build-out of your food and beverage outlet. You must start and complete the construction or 
renovation work by the dates in your Restaurant Brand Amendment or PIP, as applicable. These 
dates are set on a project -by-project basis. If your outlet is part of a New Development hotel or 
Conversion project, the development of your outlet will be part of the overall project. After your 
Hotel opens, your outlet may be managed either by you or a third -party management company 
that we approve, as described in Item 15. Your food and beverage outlet must meet our Standards 
and specifications at all times, including those under the Restaurant Brand Guidelines and those 
that apply to food and beverage operations generally under the Brand Standards. 
6. If we or our affiliates furnish, supply, service or equip your Hotel at your request before it 
opens, then you must pay or reimburse us or them for all costs incurred at your request, and 
related service fees. HSM seeks to negotiate with manufacturers and suppliers for the distribution 
of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain food and 
beverage supplies, and certain hotel services at a discount. We recommend you purchase these 
items from HSM or such third parties. You may but are not obligated to purchase specified items 
from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document.  If you choose 
to buy from HSM, it will invoice you for the cost of the products plus freight, sales tax and other 
actual costs, plus a procurement fee that ranges 4% to 10% of the project cost. HSM may offer 
you a payment plan.  These payment plans are agreed with each franchisee indivi dually based 
on the type of project , and specifically customized to the projectΓÇÖs scope of work and overall 
timeline. Payment dates are also based on the projectΓÇÖs timeline. The interest rate for late 
payments is 18.5% per year, compounded daily. Change orders must be paid in full, either i n 
advance or with the next installment due. 

   23     2026 US CURIO 
ITEM 6 
OTHER FEES 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
General 
Monthly Royalty 
Fee 
5% of Gross Rooms 
Revenue.  
Payable monthly by 
the 15th day of the 
following month. 
See Note 1. 
Monthly Spa 
Royalty Fee 
2% of Gross Spa 
Revenue. 
Payable monthly by 
the 15th day of the 
following month. 
Payable only if Eforea Spa 
Amendment is in effect.  See Note 1. 
Monthly Program 
Fee 
4% of Gross Rooms 
Revenue. 
Payable monthly by 
the 15th day of the 
following month. 
We may change the Monthly Program 
Fee. See Notes 1 and 2. 
Room Addition 
Fee 
Currently, $400 per 
guest room or suite, 
multiplied by the 
number of additional 
guest rooms. 
Due with 
Application for 
approval. 
If you add or construct additional guest 
rooms at the Hotel at any time after 
you open the Hotel under the Brand, 
you must pay us a Room Addition Fee 
and sign an amendment to the 
Franchise Agreement. The fee is non-
refundable once we approve your 
Application. 
Property 
Improvement Plan 
(ΓÇ£PIPΓÇ¥) Fee 
Currently, $10,000. Before PIP 
inspection is 
scheduled. 
Payable to prepare a PIP for a 
Conversion, Change of Ownership, or 
Re-licensing of an existing hotel, as 
well as any Room Addition or 
renovation project in which a PIP is 
required.  In some circumstances we 
may waive the PIP fee, but we are not 
obligated to do so. 
Computer System Fees 
OnQ Connectivity 
Fees 
Currently, between 
$400 and $600 per 
month. 
Billed monthly. Fee is determined by the number of 
workstations and other OnQ 
equipment at your Hotel. 
Hardware and 
Software 
Maintenance 
Support Fees  
Currently, $2,295 to 
$6,689 per month.  
Billed monthly by 
the 15th day of the 
following month. 
This covers the OnQ hardware and 
software maintenance that is provided 
by us. This does not cover the 
maintenance of certain other hardware 
and software that is provided by 
vendors. See Item 11 for details. 
OnQ Email Fees Currently, $7.92 per 
user per month and 
$12.50 per month for 
delivery to mobile 
devices. 
Billed quarterly You must have at least 3 accounts. 
Connected Room 
Maintenance Fees 
Currently, $805 to 
$1,170 per month. 
Billed monthly by 
the 15th day of the 
following month. 
See Item 11 for details. 
Delphi Sales and 
Events System 
Currently, $858 per 
user per year.   
Billed annually.  These license and maintenance fees 
are paid to HSS, which are passed-
through to the vendor less a mark-up 
to recover certain costs. See Item 11 
for details. 

   24     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
Guest Assistance and Quality Assurance Programs 
Guest Assistance 
Program: 
Customer 
Satisfaction 
Guarantee 
Currently, $300 per 
handled transaction 
for Hilton Honors 
Diamond members, 
$250 per handled 
transaction for Hilton 
Honors Gold 
members, and $200 
per handled 
transaction for all 
other guests.  
Within 48 hours of 
receipt of invoice. 
Payable to resolve guest complaints. 
Our Guest Assistance Agent may offer 
the guest a refund (up to the full cost 
of the customerΓÇÖs stay), complimentary 
return stay or Hilton Honors points to 
resolve the complaint to the 
customerΓÇÖs satisfaction. You are billed 
the cost of the rebate plus the handling 
fee. We may change the maximum 
guest rebate amount or increase the 
handling fee. 
Guest Assistance 
Program: 
Price Match 
Guarantee 
Hotels must honor a 
25% discount off the 
lower rate on all 
approved claims. 
When the stay is 
consumed. 
The discount applies if a guest finds a 
lower qualifying rate for a qualified 
booking at your Hotel. After the Guest 
Assistance Department confirms the 
lower rate is available for booking 
through a third-party channel, the 
claim is approved, and the rate is 
adjusted. 
Past Due Design 
Fee 
Currently, $8,000 
every 90 days. 
Within 10 days of 
billing. 
Payable if you do not submit 
acceptable Plans and Designs (as 
required in your Franchise Agreement, 
PIP, cycled renovation, or as 
otherwise required in accordance with 
the Standards) by the applicable due 
dates, and every 90 days thereafter 
until acceptable Plans and Designs 
are submitted to us. See Note 3. 
Brand Non-
Compliance Fee 
Currently, $65 to $145 
per approved guest 
room. 
Within 10 days of 
billing. 
Payable for each consecutive 
Unacceptable grade on a quality 
assurance evaluation. This fee varies 
based on the nature, frequency, and 
circumstances of the HotelΓÇÖs 
deficiencies. This fee is capped at a 
maximum of $50,000 in each 6-month 
period as set forth in the Standards. 
See Note 3. 
Quality Assurance 
Re-Evaluation 
Fee 
Currently, $2,500 per 
Re-Evaluation.   
Within 10 days of 
billing. 
Payable for: (a) each consecutive 
quality assurance evaluation that we 
conduct to verify that the HotelΓÇÖs 
deficiencies that were identified in the 
prior quality assurance evaluation 
have been resolved (other than a 
Special, described below); or (b) any 
no-show, cancellation, or refusal by 
you to cooperate with a scheduled 
quality assurance evaluation or re-
evaluation. See Note 3. 
Brand Non-
Compliance 
Special Audit Fee 
Currently, $3,000 per 
Special Audit. 
Within 10 days of 
billing. 
Payable each time we conduct a 
special on-site Quality Assurance 
evaluation (ΓÇ£Special AuditΓÇ¥ or 
ΓÇ£SpecialΓÇ¥). We may conduct a Special: 

   25     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
(a) to verify a default has been cured; 
(b) if your Hotel fails its opening 
inspection; or (c) if your Hotel fails its 
previous Special. See Note 3. 
Past Due 
Renovation Fee 
Currently, $16,000 
every 6 months. 
 
Within 10 days of 
billing.  
Payable if you do not properly 
complete the required construction or 
renovation work at your Hotel (as set 
forth in a PIP, cycled renovation, or as 
otherwise required in accordance with 
the Standards) by the applicable 
completion dates and every 6 months 
thereafter until the work is properly 
completed. See Note 3. 
Service 
Improvement 
Program 
Currently, $20,000 to 
$50,000 for each 6 
month period in the 
program. 
Within 10 days of 
billing.  
If your Hotel falls below our minimum 
service quality Standards for 6 months 
or more, we may require you to 
participate in our Service Improvement 
Program until the deficiencies are 
resolved. The fee varies based on the 
nature, frequency, and circumstances 
of the HotelΓÇÖs deficiencies, and is 
payable as long as your Hotel remains 
in this improvement program. See 
Notes 3 and 4. 
Conferences and Training 
Brand Conference Currently, $2,500 per 
attendee. 
Before attendance. Your general manager and director of 
sales (or equivalent) must attend the 
Brand conference, usually held 
annually. Dates, location and duration 
of the conference vary from year to 
year.  
General Manager, 
Commercial and 
Sales Leader 
Training 
Currently, up to 
$1,200 per attendee. 
Before attendance. 
 
Your general manager and other 
commercial leaders must complete 
this combined virtual learning program 
within 90 days of their start date. It is 
required for all new general managers 
and commercial leaders, and those 
who have been away from the Brand 
or the role for more than 24 months. 
Hilton Core Sales 
Skills Training 
Currently, up to $600 
per attendee.  
Before attendance. Your director of sales, sales managers 
(or equivalent), and other directors or 
managers involved in sales must 
complete this mandatory virtual 
learning program within 90 days of 
their start date. We may modify or 
reduce this training requirement for 
experienced trainees. See Item 11. 
Other Training 
Programs and 
Training Materials 
Currently, up to 
$5,000 per program 
per attendee. 
Before attendance 
or materials are 
shipped. 
Some training programs are required, 
and others are optional. We may 
provide some required training 
courses without a course fee. In some 
cases, you must also pay wages, 
travel, lodging, food, and 

   26     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
miscellaneous expenses of your 
attendees, and/or the expenses of the 
trainers. See Item 11. 
Frequent Customer, Affiliation and Distribution Programs 
Travel Clubs 
 
 
Currently, $0.30 per 
available room plus 
10% commission. 
Amount may vary by 
program. 
Billed annually on 
DS/TAC invoice by 
second quarter. 
 
For commissions: if 
invoiced, within 15 
days, or if billed 
through ACH, by 
the 12th business 
day of each month. 
Payable for consumed stays booked 
through our American Automobile 
Association (AAA) and Canada 
Automobile Association (CAA) 
programs. See Note 5.  
 
Hilton Advance 
Fee 
Currently, 1.35% of 
eligible Digital Direct 
Revenue, not to 
exceed $30 per stay.  
If invoiced, within 
15 days of 
billing.  If through 
ACH, on the 12th 
business day of the 
month. 
This program is intended to help drive 
bookings through Hilton's online direct 
booking channels using marketing 
activities, search engine optimization, 
social media platforms, and other 
methods. Digital Direct Revenue is all 
Gross Rooms Revenue from bookings 
made through our online direct 
booking channels such as Hilton 
websites and mobile apps. See 
Note 1.  
Group Preferred 
Partnership 
Program 
Currently, up to $1.80 
per consumed room 
night, or up to 3% of 
Net Rooms Revenue 
for Select 
Entertainment 
Agencies, 
plus applicable 
commission. 
If invoiced, within 
15 days of billing. If 
through ACH, on 
the 12th business 
day of each month. 
This optional program provides 
additional access to select top group 
intermediaries, and the Select 
Entertainment Agencies segment 
provides additional access to top 
entertainment agency intermediaries, 
including participation in marketing 
and promotions designed to drive 
incremental business. Net Rooms 
Revenue means consumed rooms 
revenue not including taxes or 
assessments. 
 
See Note 5. 
Hilton Honors 
Frequent 
Traveler/Guest 
Reward Program 
Currently, 4% of total 
eligible guest folio. 
This fee is waived for 
stays in which the 
guest is enrolled on-
property in Hilton 
Honors.  
10 days after 
billing. 
You must participate in any brand 
specific or System-wide guest 
frequency or reward program.  
Currently, you must participate in 
Hilton Honors. These programs are 
subject to change.  See Note 6. 
Hilton Honors 
Event Planner 
Bonus Program 
Currently, $0.0025 to 
$0.0050 per Hilton 
Honors bonus point 
awarded. 
As incurred. This is an optional commercial 
incentive program.  It enables hotels to 
award Hilton Honors bonus points to 
an event planner for a group booking 
(or as otherwise specified in the group 
booking contract) in addition to points 
earned by individual guests in the 

   27     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
group.  Event planners can earn up to 
5 points per $1 of eligible booking 
revenue. Currently, hotels are enrolled 
automatically and may opt-out.  In the 
future we may make this program 
mandatory. Bonus point allocations 
and program terms are subject to 
change. See Note 5. 
Hilton For 
Business Program 
Currently, up to 3% of 
the Gross Room 
Revenue per eligible 
consumed stay. 
As incurred.  This is an optional commercial sales 
program. It enables small and medium 
size companies to manage their 
company travel through our platform 
and receive discounts, Honors points, 
and other benefits. Currently, hotels 
are enrolled automatically and may opt 
out annually. Program benefits and 
terms are subject to change. See 
Note 1. 
Online Group 
Event Booking 
Charges 
Currently, up to 2% on 
Brand.com, 5% on 
Groups360.com, and 
7% on RFP bookings. 
On demand. You only pay this fee if you load 
inventory for group and event 
bookings at your Hotel through our 
designated online platform and the 
group actualizes. We will provide the 
definition of Booked Reservation 
Charges and other program details on 
request. Participation is currently 
optional but may be required in the 
future. Optional add-on services may 
be made available at additional cost.  
See Notes 5 and 7. 
Centralized 
Payment 
Programs 
 
Third-Party 
Reservation Charges: 
currently, up to $6.05 
per stay. 
 
FastPay Program: 
currently, up to $1.40 
per transaction, plus 
commission. 
 
Travel Planner 
Centralized Payment 
Program: currently, 
$0.19 per transaction 
processing charge 
plus up to a 10% 
commission. 
 
Unlimited Rewards 
Program: currently, 
$0.74 for a weekday 
stay (Monday -
Thursday nights), 
If invoiced, within 
15 days of billing. If 
through ACH, on 
the 12th business 
day of each month 
(or for Third-party 
Reservation 
Charges, on the 
20th day of each 
month). 
These required programs centralize 
and automate payments to third 
parties, including online travel 
agencies, group and meeting 
planners, travel planners, and other 
sales and distribution channels.  
 
Third-Party Reservation Charges 
currently include the costs and fees 
incurred in connection with third-party 
reservation systems such as GDS, 
business transient platforms, airline 
reservation services, internet and 
other service reservation providers for 
using their distribution systems. 
Certain third-party reservation services 
may not be subject to this fee. 
 
The FastPay Program is a centralized 
payment program for group 
intermediaries and meeting planners. 
We may determine the items that are 
commissionable, the third parties 

   28     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
$1.49 for a weekend 
stay with 1 Fri/Sat/Sun 
night, and $2.23 for a 
weekend stay with 2 
Fri/Sat/Sun nights. 
Promotional Dollar 
amounts increase to 
$1.49, $2.73, and 
$3.97, respectively. 
 
 
eligible to be paid, and the commission 
percentages that can be paid through 
FastPay. All eligible charges must be 
paid through FastPay. Currently, 
FastPay will process commissions of 
up to 7% and customer rebates for 
designated segments.  
 
The Travel Planner Centralized 
Payment Program (TPCP) 
consolidates all commissionable 
consumed travel planner bookings and 
remits one payment per agency. The 
commission is payable on the total 
room rate and other commissionable 
charges, and a transaction charge is 
payable on commissionable and non-
commissionable reservations, no-
shows and cancellations. 
 
The Unlimited Rewards Travel Advisor 
Incentive and Loyalty Program remits 
funds to Avis Budget. A portion is paid 
to the travel planner, and Avis Budget 
retains the remaining amount as a 
processing charge. 
 
See Note 5.  
Add-On Program 
Fee 
Currently, up to 5% of 
the sale price of Add-
On products and 
services sold to 
customers via the 
Add-On Program, 
excluding taxes. 
As incurred This program enables hotels to offer 
and sell certain approved products 
and services (ΓÇ£Add-OnsΓÇ¥) through 
HiltonΓÇÖs direct booking channels. We 
may add, remove, or modify the 
approved Add-Ons at any time. If an 
Add-On is subject to the Monthly 
Royalty Fee or Monthly Program Fee, 
the Add-On Program fee will not 
apply. If an Add-On is sourced 
through HSM, Procurement and 
Services Fees may apply. See Item 8 
for details on procurement.  
 
Currently, we do not require you to 
offer any Add-Ons but we may 
require you to offer certain Add-Ons 
in the future. Currently, the Add-On 
Program Fee does not apply to 
required Add-Ons. See Note 5. 
Transfers, Re-licensing and Financing 
Change of 
Ownership 
Application Fee 
Currently, $150,000. With Application Payable for any proposed transfer that 
does not qualify as a Permitted 
Transfer. 

   29     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
Permitted 
Transfers 
Processing Fee 
Currently, $5,500. 
 
 
When you submit a 
request for our 
consent. 
Payable for any proposed transfer that 
qualifies as a Permitted Transfer that 
requires our consent.  
Re-licensing 
Application Fee  
Currently, $85,000. With Application. Payable for Re-licensing to an existing 
franchisee.  
Lender Comfort 
Letter Processing 
Fee 
Currently, $3,500 for 
Lender Comfort 
Letters and $1,500 for 
Lender Comfort Letter 
Assignments. 
Before we issue 
the document. 
We will only issue a Lender Comfort 
Letter or Assignment if you request it 
and the request meets our 
requirements.  
Public Offering or 
Private Placement 
Processing Fee 
Currently, $5,000. When you submit a 
request for our 
approval.  
You must pay any additional costs we 
may incur in reviewing your 
documents, including reasonable 
attorneysΓÇÖ fees. 
Management Fees 
Management 
Fees 
Fees will be 
established by mutual 
agreement. 
As incurred. Payable if you enter into a 
management agreement with us or our 
affiliate. You may hire an outside 
management company with our 
approval.  
Remedies and Damages 
Actual Damages 
Under Special 
Circumstances 
Varies. On demand. Payable under certain circumstances 
for the termination of your Franchise 
Agreement.   
Audit Actual amount of 
deficiency plus 
interest.  
On demand. Payable if an audit reveals that you 
understated or underpaid any payment 
due us which is not fully offset by 
overpayments.  If willful or for 5% or 
more of the total amount owed for the 
inspection period, you must reimburse 
us for our costs. 
Default Remedies Actual expenses. On demand Our expenses may include attorneysΓÇÖ 
fees, court costs, and other expenses 
reasonably incurred to protect us and 
our affiliates or to remedy your default. 
Indemnification Actual amount paid by 
us or our affiliates due 
to any claim, demand, 
tax, penalty, or judicial 
or administrative 
investigation or 
proceeding arising 
from any claimed 
occurrence at your 
Hotel.  
On demand Payable if we incur expense to protect 
us, our subsidiaries or affiliates or to 
remedy your defaults under the 
Franchise Agreement.  You must also 
defend us, Hilton Worldwide, and each 
of such entitiesΓÇÖ current and/or future 
subsidiaries, and affiliates and any of 
their officers, directors, employees, 
agents, successors and assigns.  
Insurance Actual amount. On demand. Payable if you do not obtain or 
maintain the required insurance or 
policy limits described the Manual, and 
we choose to obtain and maintain the 
insurance for you. 

   30     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
Liquidated 
Damages for 
Unauthorized 
Opening 
$5,000 per day that 
your Hotel is open 
without authorization. 
On demand. Payable if you open before we give 
you written authorization to open, plus 
our costs, including attorneysΓÇÖ fees. 
Liquidated 
Damages for  
Pre-Opening 
Termination 
The SystemΓÇÖs Average 
Monthly Royalty Fees 
multiplied by 60.  
On demand. Payable if we terminate the Franchise 
Agreement: (1) before you begin Hotel 
Work and you or a Guarantor enter 
into an agreement for, or begin the 
construction or operation of, another 
hotel at the site within 1 year after 
termination; or (2) after you begin the 
Hotel Work but before you open 
(unless excused by Force Majeure).  
See Note 8. 
Liquidated 
Damages for 
Post-Opening 
Termination 
The greater of: (a) the 
HotelΓÇÖs Average 
Monthly Royalty Fees 
multiplied by 60; or (b) 
the SystemΓÇÖs Average 
Monthly Royalty Fees 
multiplied by 60. 
On demand. Payable if we terminate the Franchise 
Agreement on or after the Opening 
Date but before the 2nd anniversary of 
the Opening Date. See Note 8. 
The HotelΓÇÖs Average 
Monthly Royalty Fees 
multiplied by 60. 
On demand. Payable if we terminate after the 2nd 
anniversary of the Opening Date but 
before the final 60 calendar months of 
the Term. See Note 8. 
The HotelΓÇÖs Average 
Monthly Royalty Fees 
multiplied by the 
number of months 
remaining in the Term. 
On demand. Payable if we terminate the Franchise 
Agreement within the last 60 months 
of the Term. See Note 8.  
Service Charges 
for Overdue 
Payments 
1.5% per month or 
highest percentage 
permissible by law, 
whichever is less. 
On demand. Payable if you do not make payments 
to us or our affiliates when due. 
Taxes Actual amount. On demand Payable if any sales, use, gross 
receipts or similar tax is imposed on us 
for the receipt of any payments you 
are required to make to us under the 
Franchise Agreement.   
Identity, Sales, 
and Distribution 
Non-Compliance 
Fee 
Currently, $500 per 
instance. 
On demand. This cost-recovery fee is payable if 
your Hotel uses a third party 
intermediary for reservations or sales 
that is not accredited by Hilton, or fails 
to comply with any of the other 
Identity, Sales and Distribution 
Standards. In addition, failure to 
comply with the Identity, Sales and 
Distribution Standards may result in 
the loss of access to certain sales and 
distribution channels. 
FastPay Non-
compliance Fee 
Varies and escalates 
based on the number 
and/or type of 
On demand Fees will apply for non-compliance 
with the FastPay program policies, 
rules or terms.  See Note 5.   

   31     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
violations. Currently, 
the fees range from 
$500 to $3,000 per 
violation. 
Miscellaneous Services and Programs 
Consultation and 
Service Fees 
Set by us on a project-
by-project basis. 
When we request.  Payable if we make consultation 
and/or other voluntary services 
available to you on request. 
Consortia 
Program 
Currently, up to $3.50 
for each consumed 
room night booked 
under the Consortia 
ΓÇ£parityΓÇ¥ rate, plus up to 
10% commission or 
fee where applicable. 
If invoiced, within 
15 days. If ACH, 
the 12th business 
day of each month. 
If you wish to participate in this 
program you must participate in these 
4 programs at the same time: (a) the 
Consortia Program, (b) the TMC Pay-
On-All-Pay-For Performance Program,  
(c) the TMC SMB Program, and (d) the 
Specialty Lodging Agency program. 
We may change this flat fee to a 
percentage-based fee of up to 1.70% 
of consumed room revenue. The list of 
participating travel agencies may 
change over time. See Note 5. 
TMC Pay-On-All-
Pay-For 
Performance 
Program  
Currently, up to $1.85 
for each consumed 
room night booked by 
a TMC travel agency, 
plus up to 10% 
commission or fee 
where applicable.  
If invoiced, within 
15 days. If ACH, 
the 12th business 
day of each month. 
If you wish to participate in this 
program you must participate in these 
4 programs at the same time: (a) the 
Consortia Program, (b) the TMC Pay-
On-All-Pay-For Performance Program,  
(c) the TMC SMB Program, and (d) the 
Specialty Lodging Agency program. 
We may change this flat fee to a 
percentage-based fee of up to 1.06% 
of consumed room revenue. The list of 
participating agencies may change 
over time.  See Note 5.  
TMC Small 
Business (SMB) 
Program 
Currently, up to $1.85 
for each consumed 
room night booked by 
a TMC travel agency, 
plus up to 10% 
commission or fee 
where applicable.   
If invoiced, within 
15 days. If ACH, 
the 12th business 
day of each month. 
If you wish to participate in this 
program you must participate in these 
4 programs at the same time: (a) the 
Consortia Program, (b) the TMC Pay-
On-All-Pay-For Performance Program,  
(c) the TMC SMB Program, and (d) the 
Specialty Lodging Agency program. 
We may change this flat fee to a 
percentage-based fee of up to 1.06% 
of consumed room revenue. The list of 
participating travel agencies may 
change over time. See Note 5.  
Specialty Lodging 
Agency Program 
Currently, up to $1.85 
for each consumed 
room night booked by 
a specialty travel 
agency, plus up to 
10% commission or 
fee where applicable.   
If invoiced, within 
15 days. If ACH, 
the 12th business 
day of each month. 
If you wish to participate in this 
program you must participate in these 
4 programs at the same time: (a) the 
Consortia Program, (b) the TMC Pay-
On-All-Pay-For Performance Program, 
(c) the TMC SMB Program, and (d) the 
Specialty Lodging Agency program. 
We may change this flat fee to a 
percentage-based fee of up to 1.06% 

   32     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
of consumed room revenue. The list of 
participating travel agencies may 
change over time. See Note 5. 
US Government 
Travel Agency 
Programs 
Currently, up to $2.70 
per consumed room 
night or up to 1.70% of 
consumed room 
revenue. 
 
For the FedRooms 
and DOD Preferred 
programs, the fee is 
currently 2.25% of 
consumed room 
revenue.  
 
US government travel 
agency programs are 
subject to changes in 
government travel 
policies. 
Billed on TACS 
invoice. If invoiced, 
due within 15 days. 
If ACH, due on the 
15th of the month. 
 
We may enter into various government 
and military travel programs, which 
currently include FedRooms, 
CWTSato, DOD Preferred, Omega 
World Travel and ADTRAV 
Government. For any program that 
has a flat fee, we may change it to a 
percentage-based fee as shown here. 
You are not required to participate, but 
if you participate in the DOD Preferred 
Program you must also participate in 
the FedRooms Program at the same 
rate. See Note 5. 
ResMax Program Currently, 5.4% to 
5.9% of consumed 
revenue from a 
ResMax booking with 
a 3-night maximum 
This fee may vary due 
to hotel booking 
volume and other 
factors. 
 
As required by us 
or our affiliate. 
ResMax with Auto Attendant provides 
additional reservation call handling 
services by automatically transferring 
new reservation inquiries to an HRCC 
Guest Engagement Specialist. If your 
Hotel is not enrolled in ResMax and 
accepts a referral, we may charge you 
the applicable fee on the booking. If 
your Hotel transfers reservation calls 
to HRCC outside of the ResMax 
service, you may be billed up to $5.00 
per call.  ResMax is an optional, 
supplemental service. Program terms, 
eligibility, and fees are subject to 
change.  
Revenue 
Management 
Consolidated 
Center (RMCC) 
Category 1 ΓÇô One 
Time Service Fees 
and Models, currently 
$895 to $1,815. 
 
Category 2 ΓÇô Monthly 
Full Support Models, 
currently $2,629 to 
$15,709. 
 
Category 3 ΓÇô Monthly 
Reports Only Models, 
currently $1,205 to 
$1,865. 
 
Category 4 ΓÇô Monthly 
Lead Management 
Within 10 days of 
billing. 
RMCC provides various types of 
support services for revenue 
management analysis, strategy, lead 
management, and coaching. Specific 
services or groups of services are 
called ΓÇ£service models,ΓÇ¥ and are 
grouped into the categories shown 
here. RMCC programs and services 
are subject to change. Your 
participation in RMCC is optional.  
However, RMCC may be required in 
certain circumstances. See Note 9. 
 

   33     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT DUE DATE REMARKS 
Service Models, 
currently $999 to 
$5,599. 
 
Category 5 ΓÇô Monthly 
Group Rooms 
Coordinator Models, 
currently $835 to 
$5,529. 
Procurement and 
Services Fees 
Currently, 4% to 10% 
of project cost. 
As agreed. Payable if you buy from HSM, in 
addition to the product cost, freight, 
taxes and other actual costs incurred 
by HSM. 
Unless otherwise indicated, all fees described in this Item 6 are payable to, and imposed by, us 
or our affiliates and are non -refundable. Other than the Monthly Royalty Fee s and liquidated 
damages, all fees are subject to change. 
NOTES 
1. The Monthly Fees are calculated in accordance with the then -current Uniform System of 
Accounts for the Lodging Industry or as specified by us in the Manual. ΓÇ£Gross Rooms Revenue" 
means all revenues derived from the sale or rental of guest rooms (both transient and permanent) 
of the hotel, including revenue derived from the redemption of points or rewards under the loyalty 
programs in which the hotel participates, amounts attributable to breakfast (where the guest room 
rate includes breakfast), Mandatory Guest Fees, late cancellation fees, and guaranteed no-show 
revenue and credit transactions, whether or not collected, at the actual rates charged, less 
allowances for any guest room rebates and overcharges, and will not include taxes collected 
directly from patrons or guests.  Group booking rebates, if any, paid by you or on your behalf to 
third-party groups for group stays must be included, and not deducted from, the calculation of 
Gross Rooms Revenue.   
ΓÇ£Mandatory Guest FeeΓÇ¥ means any separate fee that a patron or guest is charged for in addition 
to the base room rate for a guest room, including but not limited to resort fees, facility fees, 
destination fees, amenity fees, urban destination fees, or any other similar fee.  Mandatory Guest 
Fees do not include employee gratuities, state or local mandatory taxes, and other tax -like fees 
and assessments that are levied on a stay, as determined by us, that are passed through to a 
third party (such as tourism pu blic improvement district fees, tourism or improvement 
assessments, and convention center fees). 
ΓÇ£Gross Spa RevenueΓÇ¥ means all revenue from services and retail sales of products from the 
eforea spa, less allowances for spa rebates and overcharges, but does not include any sales or 
other taxes collected directly from spa customers or any revenues from food and beverage sales 
of the spa. 
If there is a fire or other insured casualty at your Hotel that results in a reduction of Gross Rooms 
Revenue or Gross Spa Revenue, the Monthly Fees will be equal to the Monthly Program Fee and 
Monthly Royalty Fee forecasted on the basis of the Gross Rooms Revenue  and Gross Spa 
Revenue amount you agree on with your insurer(s).  We have the right to participate with you in 
negotiating the value of your Gross Rooms Revenue  and Gross Spa Revenue  claim with your 
insurer(s).   

   34     2026 US CURIO 
We can require you to transmit all payments required under the Franchise Agreement by wire 
transfer or other form of electronic funds transfer. You must bear all costs of wire transfer or other 
form of electronic funds transfer. We may reduce the amount of any payment or credit to you by 
any amount that you owe us, and this includes your and our affiliates. We occasionally reduce 
the Monthly Royalty Fee for multi -unit or more experienced  franchisees, for franchisees with 
whom we have previously dealt, for Conversions, or for franchisees in other unique 
circumstances, including franchisees with which we have a Management Agreement . However, 
we do not always do so and may choose not to reduce your Monthly Royalty Fee, even if you 
possess some or all of these characteristics. We agreed to modify the Monthly Royalty Fee in 10 
instances and the Monthly Program Fee in 1 instance during 2025. 
2. We may change the Monthly Program Fee rate at any time. The Monthly Program Fee 
rate will not exceed the current rate plus 1% of Gross Rooms Revenue over the term of the 
Franchise Agreement. The Monthly Program Fee pays for various programs to benefit the System 
and/or the Network, including: (i) developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems 
and support; (ii) developing and maintaining directories and Internet sites for System Hotels; (iii) 
advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, m arket research, and other marketing 
programs; (iv) certain quality assurance programs; (v) certain technology programs; and (vi) 
administrative costs and overhead related to the administration or direction of these projects and 
programs. We may create or m odify any programs and allocate monies derived from Monthly 
Program Fees to any regions or localities. The Monthly Program Fee does not cover your costs 
of participating in any optional marketing programs or other programs or services periodically 
offered by us or our affiliates in which you voluntarily choose to participate. These fees also do 
not cover the cost of operating your Hotel  in accordance with the Standards or the Manual.  
Occasionally, we may reduce the Monthly Program Fee (temporarily or periodically) in connection 
with special incentives or promotional programs that we provide, but we have no obligation to do 
so. 
We occasionally ramp up the Monthly Program Fee as follows: 3% for year 1 and 2, 3.5% for year 
3 and 4, and 4% in year 5 for strategic markets or for franchisees in other unique circumstances.  
However, we do not always do so and may choose not to ramp up your Monthly Program Fee, 
even if you possess these characteristics.  
3. Our quality assurance program currently includes the Past Due Design Fee, Brand Non-
Compliance Fees, Past Due Renovation Fee, and Service Improvement Program Fees shown 
here. These represent an evolution of our quality assurance program elements (in which fees 
were previously referred to as Quality Assurance Evaluation and Re -Evaluation Fees as 
applicable). More than one of these fees may apply in any particular circumstance. If any quality 
assurance evaluation, re -evaluation, or Special is conducted on -site, you must also provide 
complimentary lodgings for our representative during the evaluation. See Item s 8 and  11 for 
details on our quality assurance program, Service Improvement Program, and cycled renovations.  
4. We might make certain adjustments to the Service Improvement Program (formerly known 
as the Quality Improvement Program) as program updates are implemented this year, but the 
total fees due will not exceed $50,000 over a 6 -month period, plus any applicable  third-party 
vendor costs. See Item 11 for details.   
5. We may add, remove, or modify our sales and distribution programs at any time. These 
programs may have individual criteria for participation, as well as policies, terms, or rules that 
must be met for continued participation. We may require your Hotel to pa rticipate in certain 
programs or combinations of programs. We may also offer optional programs at an additional 

   35     2026 US CURIO 
cost. Some programs may utilize automatic enrollment  and if your Hotel does not wish to 
participate it may be required to opt -out as provided in the programsΓÇÖ policies, terms, or rules. 
Failure to pay fees or commissions when due, or failure to comply with the applicable program 
policies, terms, and rules may result in the loss of access to certain programs or individual sales 
and distribution channels. 
6. You must participate in, and pay all charges related to, our marketing programs not 
covered by Monthly Program Fees, and all guest frequency programs we require, including the 
Hilton Honors Worldwide guest reward programs or any successor programs. You mus t also 
honor the terms of any discount or promotional programs (including any frequent guest program) 
that we or Hilton offer to the public on yo ur behalf, any room rate quoted to any guest when the 
guest makes an advance reservation, and any award gues t certificates issued to hotel guests 
participating in these programs. We and our affiliates' other hotel brands may also participate in 
these programs. These programs are subject to change. You pay your share of the costs of the 
programs.  
Currently, these programs include the Hilton HonorsΓäó guest reward program operated by Hilton 
Honors Worldwide, and airline and rental car company frequent user programs in which Hilton 
participates.  
Hilton Honors members may accumulate Hilton Honors points with most stays for all eligible 
dollars spent at participating Hilton Honors hotels. Hilton Honors members may also earn points 
in connection with our special promotions, marketing partnerships, and other activities, programs, 
and initiatives, including for example arrangements we have in place with certain travel programs, 
credit card companies, dining organizations, ride -share companies, and others. The only room 
rates that are not eligible for Hi lton Honors points are wholesale/tour operator packages, 
contracted airline crew rates, complimentary or barter rooms, stays on NET Group/Series 
Group/IT Group rates, contracted Entertainment or Encore rates, stays using airline percent -off 
award certificates, stays that are booked via third-party websites other than the websites of Hilton 
Honors airline partners. Hilton Honors members may redeem their accumulated points for 
discounted and free hotel room nights and other rewards. Terms of the Hilton Honors  program 
are subject to change. Pricing is subject to change and is reviewed annually. 
These basic program fees are assessed on any stay for which a guest earns Hilton Honors points. 
Additional Hilton Honors bonus points that members earn as a result of promotional activities, 
programs, and initiatives that your Hotel participates in will result in an additional fee payable by 
your Hotel based on a set cost per point or a percentage of the eligible guest folio, depending on 
the type of promotional activity, program, or initiative. All program costs are subject to change. 
In addition to the basic program fees outlined above, hotels are also responsible for the cost of 
certain guest amenities provided to Hilton Honors members. Hotels must allocate a certain 
percentage of rooms inventory for free night reward redemption by Hi lton Honors members as 
specified by the Hilton Honors program. Hotels will be reimbursed for these reward redemptions 
on the same basis as other similarly situated participating hotels as specified by the Hilton Honors 
program. If your Hotel is re-licensed and had paid a lower fee in the past, it will be assessed the 
then-current standard fee when your new franchise term begins. 
7. We currently provide an online booking platform for group events that allows guests to 
check rates and availability and book guestrooms and event space (within certain limits on the 
number of rooms, room nights, and meeting space size). Guests may search for a hotel and rate 
and complete the booking contract online. We may pass-through all or a portion of this fee to third 

   36     2026 US CURIO 
party vendors that help to provide or maintain the platform. This fee may be refunded or adjusted 
for certain cancellations or modifications. Terms and conditions of this program are subject to 
change. 
8. The term ΓÇ£HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty FeesΓÇ¥ means: (a) if the Hotel has been 
operating for at least 24 months, the amount of all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise 
Agreement for the 24 month period before the month of termination (the ΓÇ£Measurement PeriodΓÇ¥) 
divided by 24; and (b) if the Hotel has not been operating for at least 24 months, the amount of 
all Monthly Royalty Fees due under the Franchise Agreement for the period between the Opening 
Date and the termination date divided by the number of mont hs between the Opening Date and 
the termination date.   
The term ΓÇ£SystemΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty FeesΓÇ¥ means the average Monthly Royalty Fees 
per Guest Room owed to us by all System Hotels in operation in the United States over the 12 
full calendar month period immediately preceding the month of termination ( the ΓÇ£SystemΓÇÖs 
Average Measurement PeriodΓÇ¥), multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any System Hotel that has not been in operation for at least 12 full 
calendar months immediately preceding the month of t ermination is not included in determining 
the SystemΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty Fees. 
 
In calculating this average, any temporary financial accommodations and periods of Business 
Interruption are excluded. Temporary financial accommodations include any fee discounts, 
ramps, or waivers. Business Interruptions are periods of time in which a ma jority of the Guest 
Rooms were removed from service or regular Hotel operations were suspended for more than 90 
days. In the case of Business Interruptions, the Measurement Period will be adjusted earlier in 
time to account for the months in which the Business Interruption occurred.  
If we or an affiliate manage your Hotel using the Brand (or another one of our brands) under a 
management agreement, which management agreement is terminated (or to be terminated), and 
we agree that you (or a buyer of the Hotel) may continue to operate the  Hotel using the Brand 
under a Franchise Agreement (a ΓÇ£Managed -to-Franchised ConversionΓÇ¥), then in lieu of the 
liquidated damages or termination fees shown in this table, we may require liquidated damages 
or termination fees in amounts that are equal to th e amount of damages and other sums that 
would have been due under the management agreement for the same type of termination. This 
applies even if there is a gap in time between the termination of the management agreement and 
the execution of or opening und er the Franchise Agreement. We cannot determine in advance 
the specific clause that would be required in the Franchise Agreement for this purpose, because 
it would depend on the terms of the management agreement being terminated. Accordingly, the 
specific Franchise Agreement clause and its terms would be agreed by you and us at the time of 
origination. 
9. RMCC is optional except in the following circumstances. Category 2: If your Hotel has an 
expedited opening of 150 days or less,  your Hotel must participate in the applicable monthly 
service model in this category as follows: if your Hotel is projected to generate or does generate 
over $6 million in annual Gross Room Revenue, it  must participate in our monthly full service 
ΓÇ£Intermediate Model,ΓÇ¥ and if your Hotel is projected to generate or does generate over $10 million 
in annual Gross Room Revenue or is located in a dynamic market with a complex mix of business 
and a need for forecasting support, it must participate in our monthly full service ΓÇ£Premier Model.ΓÇ¥ 
RMCC programs and fees are subject to change. 

   37     2026 US CURIO 
ITEM 7 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
CURIO (200 ROOMS) 
 
TYPE OF EXPENDITURE AMOUNT METHOD OF 
PAYMENT WHEN DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS 
TO BE MADE 
Franchise Application Fee  
(Note 1) 
$85,000 Lump sum With 
Application 
Us 
Property Improvement Plan  
(Note 2) 
$0 to $10,000 Lump sum Before we 
prepare PIP 
Us 
Market Study  
(Note 3) 
Varies As agreed As incurred Supplier 
Environmental Assessment  
(Note 4) 
Varies As agreed As incurred Supplier 
Real Property  
(Note 5) 
Varies As agreed As agreed Supplier 
Construction and Leasehold 
Improvements  
(Note 6) 
$0 to $80,419,500 As agreed As agreed Suppliers 
Designer & Engineering Fees $0 to $3,216,780 As agreed As incurred Suppliers 
 
Furniture, Fixtures & Equipment 
(Note 7) 
$0 to $14,076,000 As required As incurred Suppliers 
Inventory & Operating 
Equipment  
(Note 8) 
$1,600,000 to 
$2,400,000 
As required As incurred Suppliers 
Signage 
(Note 9) 
$2,000 to $117,000 As required As incurred Supplier 
Computer Hardware & Software 
Systems 
(Note 10) 
$89,295 to $225,295 
 
Lump sum or 
as required 
45 days 
before 
opening 
Us or Supplier 
Guest Internet Access System 
(Note 10) 
$96,044 to $140,360 Lump sum or as 
required 
45 days 
before 
opening 
Supplier 
Connected Room System 
(Note 10) 
$45,100 to $53,900 Lump sum or as 
required 
45 days 
before 
opening 
Supplier 
Delphi Sales and Events System 
(Note 10) 
$990 to $41,000 As required As incurred Supplier 
Required Pre-Opening Training 
(Note 11) 
$5,000 to $15,000 As required As incurred Us and 
Suppliers 
ADA Consultant Fee  
(Note 12) 
$6,000 to $15,000 Lump sum On request Supplier 
Construction/Renovation 
Extension Fee  
(Note 13) 
$0 to $10,000  Lump sum On request Us 

   38     2026 US CURIO 
TYPE OF EXPENDITURE AMOUNT METHOD OF 
PAYMENT WHEN DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS 
TO BE MADE 
Insurance 
(Note 14) 
Varies As required As arranged Agent/Insurer 
Organizational Expense  
(Note 15) 
$75,000 to $293,657 As agreed As agreed Accountant/ 
Attorney 
Permits and Licenses 
(Note 16) 
$0 to $1,206,293 As required As required Government 
Agencies 
Miscellaneous Pre-Opening & 
Project Management Expenses  
(Note 17) 
$700,000 to 
$2,412,285 
As agreed As incurred Suppliers 
Contingencies  
(Note 18) 
$0 to $8,041,950 As agreed As incurred Suppliers 
Additional Funds  
(Note 19) 
$1,200,000 to 
$1,700,000 
As agreed As incurred Suppliers 
Eforea Spa Initial Fee  
(Note 20) 
$0 to $25,000 Lump sum As agreed Us 
 
Additional Funds for Eforea Spa 
Implementation  
(Note 21) 
$0 to $4,950,000 As agreed As incurred Suppliers 
Restaurant Brand Development 
Services Fee 
(Note 22) 
$0 to $75,000 Lump Sum As incurred Us 
Other Required Pre-opening 
Services Fees 
(Note 23) 
$24,059 to $28,880 Lump sums Before 
opening 
Us 
TOTAL  
(Note 24) 
$3,928,488 to $119,557,900 
 
THESE FIGURES DO NOT INCLUDE REAL ESTATE COSTS, MARKET 
STUDIES, INSURANCE, INTEREST OR SEPARATELY IDENTIFY THE 
COST OF IMPROVEMENTS UNDER A CONVERSION, RE-LICENSING 
OR CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP LICENSE. 
NOTES 
1. See Item 5 for more information about the Franchise Application Fee.  The Franchise 
Application Fee in the table is calculated based on the room count shown in this table.  
2. If you apply to convert an existing hotel to a Brand hotel or apply for a Change of 
Ownership or Re-licensing, we charge a PIP fee to determine the upgrading requirements for the 
hotel   
3.  For all new Brand hotels, we recommend and may require a market study from a nationally 
recognized independent firm which discusses the competition for your proposed hotel, together 
with a minimum 5-year operating pro forma from you, based on the market study, showing your 
anticipated operating results. While we do not require prospective franchisees who are converting 
existing hotels to obtain a market study, occasionally we may encourage a prospective franchisee 
to commission a market study to evaluat e the economic consequences of Conversion. Our 
acceptance of the market study with a pro forma is not a financial performance representation on 
our part or a ratification of the projections by the consultant.    

   39     2026 US CURIO 
4. Before you purchase the land, you should, at a minimum, consider obtaining a Phase 1 
environmental assessment to determine the environmental condition of the land. Based on this 
Phase 1 report, additional investigations and tests may be necessary before yo u make your 
purchase decision. Many lenders will require a Phase 1 report before lending purchase money. 
5. These estimates do not include the cost of the real property due to wide variations in costs 
among geographic areas and at different sites. The cost of land for a hotel varies depending on 
location, size, market prices in the area, accessibility, and spec ial assessments, among other 
factors.  If you are converting an existing hotel that you already own or lease, you may have no 
additional real property costs.  
6. These estimates relate to a hotel with the elements we require (food and beverage, 
recreational, and other facilities as applicable). These estimates do not take into account local 
requirements such as earthquake requirements or impact fees. Your actual e xpenditures will 
depend on many variables, such as the size and location of the real property, the quantity and 
quality of the items being purchased, the terms on which the purchases are made, and fluctuations 
in material and labor costs. You may also el ect to lease certain items such as the real property. 
In New Development, building construction costs vary greatly from region to region depending on 
material and labor costs and other variables. In Conversions, the renovation costs will vary 
depending on the age of the facility (including code compliance), performance -based 
requirements (including fire & life safety systems and strategy); the use of the existing facility (an 
existing hotel or an Adaptive Reuse), the condition of the facility (including the  physical integrity 
of the structure and envelope), and the state of all accoutrements (including the furniture, fixtures, 
equipment, and finishes) in relationship to conformance with our Brand Standards.  You are 
encouraged to independently investigate, before executing the Franchise Agreement, the cost of 
all such items as they will specifically affect your investment.    
7. This is an estimate for the total cost of furnishing a Brand hotel in the size shown. The 
cost of furniture, fixtures and equipment will depend on the number and type of guest rooms (for 
example, double rooms versus king rooms), the extent of the food and beverage service offered, 
restaurants, lounges and supporting facilities.  Estimates for new hotels include the cost of 
furniture, fixtures and equipment for guest rooms, corridors, all public areas, kitchen equipment, 
laundry equipment, and telephone s ystems.  If you are converting an existing hotel, your costs 
will most likely be lower, but you must conform guest rooms, public areas, the exterior, and all 
other areas to our Brand Standards.  
8. Inventory includes food and beverages and other immediately consumable items such as 
fuel, soap, cleansing material, matches, stationery and similar items .  Operating equipment  
includes such items as chinaware, glassware, linens, silverware and uniforms. 
9. Signs include freestanding signs and primary identification for the building. This estimated 
cost includes installation, freight, foundation and wiring. You must install, display, and maintain 
signage displaying or containing the Brand and other distinguishing characteristics in accordance 
with plans, specifications and standards we establish for Syst em Hotels. For Conversions, new 
freestanding signs and primary identification for the building may not be required.  You must 
purchase exterior signage from a vendor currently licensed by us.  You may contact us for a 
current list.  
10. You must acquire and install the hardware and software for the required computer 
systems, including the OnQ system, Guest Internet Access system, the GRO system, Delphi 
Sales and Events system, Connected Room system, a Digital Floor Plan, the Digital Key system, 

   40     2026 US CURIO 
and the Hilton Opening Transition Tool. The estimated costs to acquire and install each of these 
systems are shown totaled here together, other than the Guest Internet Access system , the 
Connected Room System and the Delphi Sales and Events system, which are listed separately. 
The amounts shown here may be  different than the amounts shown in Item 5 because the 
amounts shown here also include costs that are payable to third parties.  The operating costs 
during the initial period are included in the Additional Funds line in this table. See Items 5, 6, and 
11 for details.   
 
11. We will provide the required training programs required under the terms set forth described 
in Items 5 and 11 of this Disclosure Document. You are responsible for the costs of training 
materials, and travel and living expenses while training.  We may charge additional training costs 
based on the number of personnel that require training.   
12. If you want to engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Re-licensing or Change of 
Ownership Transfer for the hotel, we may require you  to complete an independent survey 
conducted by an ADA consultant to determine the hotelΓÇÖs compliance with the ADA.  
13. Your Franchise Agreement contains a deadline by which construction or renovation work 
must begin. After the expiration of any automatic extensions without a fee, you may request a 
further extension of this deadline, and must pay the applicable fee if we approve your request. 
14. You must maintain the minimum levels and types of insurance specified in the Manual at 
your expense.  This insurance must be with insurers having minimum ratings we specify; name 
as additional insureds the parties we specify in the Manual; and carry the endorsements and 
notice requirements we specify in the Manual .  Insurance premiums vary widely by reason of 
location, size of hotel and type of coverage purchased and cannot be estimated.  
15. Actual cost depends on work done by an accountant and attorney, and standard regional 
rates. 
16. The licenses and permits you must obtain to operate your Hotel vary depending on the 
state, county or other political subdivision in which the hotel is located. 
17. You may incur pre -opening expenses for additional personnel training; sales; 
administrative and general expenses; project management; technical services; advertising; 
security deposits, utility deposits, and opening festivities. Because there are so many v ariables 
for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these pre -conversion expenses for a franchisee 
converting an existing hotel.  
18. "Contingencies" means unanticipated construction cost overruns and other unanticipated 
expenses.  Because there are so many variables for an existing hotel, we cannot estimate these 
pre-conversion contingencies for a franchisee converting an existing hotel.  You should assume 
it will be at least 10% of construction costs. 
19. This estimates your initial operating expenses for 3 months after opening, including payroll 
costs.  These figures are estimates only and you may have additional expenses starting the 
business. Your costs will depend on such factors as your management decisions, local economic 
conditions, competition, and how quickly occupancy rates increase after opening.   
20. The initial fee is paid only if you are installing an eforea spa in your Hotel.  

   41     2026 US CURIO 
21. The low estimate assumes you are not opening a spa.  The high estimate includes the 
cost to build out and equip the spa to current spa standards, whether you are installing an eforea 
spa or another spa concept. Costs may be greater for a Conversion hotel o r to convert space in 
an existing Curio hotel into an eforea spa or another branded spa that meets our specifications.  
22. This initial fee applies only if you choose to use a Restaurant Brand for the operation of a 
food and beverage outlet at your Hotel. The Restaurant Brands are designed to fall within the cost 
estimates for developing and opening a standard prototype hotel with a food and beverage outlet 
(as part of either a New Development or a Conversion) as outlined in this Item 7. If you choose a 
Restaurant Brand for your hotel, we may offer additional optional services for additional costs.  
See Item 1 for details. 
23. See Item 5 for more information on required pre-opening services fees.  
24. In compiling these estimates we relied on Hilton's 60+ years of experience in operating or 
franchising hotels. With respect to an eforea spa, we relied on HiltonΓÇÖs experience over the last 6 
years in operating eforea spas in the US. We began offering the Restaurant Brands in 2024. You 
should review these figures carefully with a business advisor before making any decision to 
purchase the franchise. The expenses shown in these charts are for typical New Development 
and Conversion hotels of the type and size shown. In a Conversion, your costs will depend on the 
type and condition of your existing hotel, its age, physical structure and quality of furnishing. 
Because there are so many variables involving any particular existing hotel, we can give no 
average cost. 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
This Item describes your obligations to buy or lease products and services from us or our 
designees, from suppliers we permit, or in accordance with our specifications.  
 
General Requirements 
All franchisees must maintain their hotels in accordance with the Standards (as defined in the 
Franchise Agreement ). The Standards for the hotel are compiled in our standards manual 
("Manual") and, if you construct an eforea spa, then also in the eforea spa Manual , and if you 
utilize a Restaurant Brand, then also in the Restaurant Brand Guidelines . We regularly review, 
modify, and implement product and service Standards. We may periodically modify and update 
Standards to reflect operational requirements, advances in technology, improved methods of 
manufacture, new materials , structures and decor , new products, improved prices and other 
factors.  
We may periodically require you to maintain, replace, modernize, rehabilitate, and/or upgrade 
your HotelΓÇÖs furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware 
and software and related equipment, supplies, and other items to meet our then -current 
Standards. We may utilize specific renovation schedules for this purpose as part of the Standards, 
which we may modify at any time. These renovation schedules may be provided to you under our 
cycled renovation program or any replacement or other program that we utilize in accordance the 
Standards in the future. You are required to comply with any renovation schedule (including any 
cycled renovation) that applies to your Hotel. You are responsible for the costs of complying with 
any such renovation schedule (including any cycled renovation), as well as any other changes 
that are necessary for your Hotel to remain in compliance with the Standards.  

   42     2026 US CURIO 
You must comply with our Standards regarding the purchase of products and services for use at 
and for your Hotel, including furniture, fixtures, equipment, amenities, food and beverages, 
operating supplies, consumable inventories, merchandise to be used at  and/or sold from the 
Hotel,  signs and graphics, uniforms, materials with logos, advertising materials, on-property guest 
materials, together with our required systems, programs, services, and related computer and 
technology platforms for property managem ent, inventory management, revenue management, 
affiliation and distribution programs, frequent customer and loyalty programs, guest assistance, 
customer satisfaction measurement, online check -in, digital room keys, in -room entertainment 
and conveniences, i nternet access, telecommunications and telephone systems, long distance 
services, and any and all other systems, programs, products and services used for the operation 
of the Hotel, including our specifications for all supplies. You must also maintain acce ptable 
product quality ratings at your Hotel and maintain the Hotel in accordance with the Standards. In 
some cases, we may require you to purchase a particular brand or type of product, fixture, 
furniture, equipment, or service, but you may purchase it fr om any authorized source of 
distribution. 
Purchases through Hilton Worldwide and its Affiliates 
No officer of ours owns a material interest in any approved supplier.  
We did not sell any goods, services or supplies to our franchisees in 2025. Hilton collects money 
for the Hilton Honors program for all of our brands, but transmits this money to Hilton Honors 
Worldwide and does not record it as revenue. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, 
Hilton and its other affiliates (including Hilton Honors Worldwide) had revenues from sales of 
goods, services, computer systems and/or supplies to franchisees of HiltonΓÇÖs subsidiaries of  
$1,146,094,244 (for clarity this excludes royalty and program fees, pass -through commissions, 
and the HSM amounts described below). 
HSM, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hilton, negotiates with third-party manufacturers and suppliers 
for the distribution of hotel furniture, furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment and supplies, certain 
food and beverage supplies, and certain hotel services. You may but are not obligated to purchase 
specified items from HSM or such third parties, except as described in this Disclosure Document. 
HSM seeks to negotiate lower prices and preferred terms with manufacturers and suppliers, and 
then passes these benefits on to franchisees. HSM cannot guarantee that every item sourced 
under its program will provide a lower cost or better terms than are otherwise available in the 
market. HSM may negotiate purchase arrangements with manufacturers and suppliers for the 
benefit of our franchisees , all System Hotels, all Network Hotels, or any subset of each. 
Occasionally, HSM may negotiate special purchase arrangements with manufacturers and 
suppliers for franchisees or their management companies that operate multiple hotels. HSM may 
also permit competitor hotels or their management companies to participate in its purchase 
arrangements. This is done to help increase HSMΓÇÖs overall purchasing volume and bargaining 
power. 
Except as discussed below, y ou may purchase the furniture, fixtures, and equipment ("FF&E") 
and other supplies for your Hotel from any source as long as the Standards are met .  However, 
in the future, we may require you to purchase FF&E and supplies from a supplier approved by us, 
or we may require you to purchase a particular brand or model of supplies or equipment that is 
available only from one source, and we may derive profit as a result of those purchases. 
If you are operating an eforea spa, you must sell all the products we specify and perform the spa 
treatments we require. If you are opening a spa under a concept other than eforea, you must use 

   43     2026 US CURIO 
an approved third-party management company. We and our affiliates may derive revenue from 
manufacturers and suppliers in the form of administrative fees and rebates as described in this 
Item 8, and from any third-party that we approve to provide products or services to your spa.  
HSM has various discount agreements with manufacturers and suppliers, under which it receives 
rebates and allowances based on the total volume  of sales purchased from the manufacturer. 
These fees include sales to franchisees by the manufacturers and in some cases, through 
suppliers. HSM also receives certain volume and national account marketing allowances from 
manufacturers in connection with the sale t o franchisees of certain items, such as coffee, soft 
drinks, cleaning compounds, and paper products.   
In addition, for two of our brands, LivSmart Studios by Hilton and Tru by Hilton, HSM is an optional 
approved procurement agency and may receive fees for providing procurement services. For one 
of our other brands, Spark by Hilton, HSM is the required procurement service provider. 
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, HSM had revenues of $27,441,465 in rebates and 
allowances on purchases made by franchisees of all of our brands.  
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, HSM had revenues from sales of goods, services 
and/or supplies to franchisees of all of our brands of $10,667,067. In addition, HSM receives cash 
discounts for early payment on orders it places with manufacturers and suppliers to fill purchase 
orders placed with it by franchisees of all of our brands.  
HSM negotiates pricing and purchasing terms with manufacturers and suppliers for the benefit of 
our System. HSM may receive an administrative fee from manufacturers and suppliers that is on 
average between 1.0% and 4.5% by category of the purchases made by our franchisees 
(depending on the specific item). For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, HSM had 
revenues of $54,141,339 in administrative fees on purchases made by franchisees of all of our 
brands. 
If you want to use a product, or a particular brand or model, that has not been specified as having 
met our standards, or if you want to purchase from an unapproved supplier an item that must be 
purchased from an approved supplier, then you can submit a wr itten request for us to approve 
the product or supplier. We may require certain information or samples which you must provide 
at your expense. We will review all of the pertinent information . While we have no obligation to 
respond within a certain timeframe, our review typically takes 60 to 90 days to complete. We do 
not provide any material benefit (such as license renewal or the grant of additional licenses) to a 
franchisee based on a franchisee's use of designated or pre -approved suppliers (the Franchise 
Agreement is non-renewable). 
We evaluate suppliers based on many factors, including: (i) the quality and cost of the products 
and/or services; (ii) the supplier's established history in serving the System with products that 
consistently meet or exceed the standards and specifications as set forth in the Manual; (iii) the 
level of support and recognition of the supplier by us and our franchisees, as well as the System's 
demand for those products/services; and (iv) the supplier's ability to service the needs of the 
System. A portion of t he revenues collected from rebates, administration fees and purchasing 
fees is used to offset the cost of establishing the purchasing programs and supporting the 
operating expenses of HSM. 
Our affiliate, Hilton JV Acquisition LLC, currently holds a non -controlling equity interest in 
Groups360 LLC (ΓÇ£Groups360ΓÇ¥), which is a third -party vendor that provides lead generation, 

   44     2026 US CURIO 
advisory, and marketing services to the hotel industry (including us, our System hotels, and 
competitors) for group and event business. Groups360 receives fees and commissions for the 
services it provides. As an equity owner, our affiliate may receive pro -rata share of distributions 
from Groups360. Currently, neither we nor any of our affiliates receive any other direct or indirect 
fees, rebates, discounts or other benefits from Groups360 in connection with purchases made by 
our franchisees, but we may in the future.  
 
Signage and Other Trademarked Items 
You must install, display, and maintain signage displaying or containing the Brand and other 
distinguishing characteristics in accordance with plans, specifications and standards we establish 
for System Hotels. You must purchase exterior signage from a ven dor currently licensed by us. 
You may contact us for a current list in your area. 
You must purchase operating supplies, inventory, and other items bearing our logos, trademarks, 
and service marks from suppliers approved and licensed by us. You may contact us for a current 
list in your area. 
Reservation Service 
 
You must use the Reservation Service for reservation referrals. You must also purchase computer 
terminal equipment and software compatible for use with the Reservation Service. The computer 
equipment and software you purchase for OnQ satisfies the requirem ent that you purchase 
computer equipment and software compatible with the Reservation Service. Although you must 
use the Reservation Service, you may also use other reservation services to refer reservations to 
(but not by or from) your Hotel. 
Business Computer Systems 
You must use our required business computer systems, which we may periodically change. 
Currently, we require you to use OnQ, which connects System Hotels to HiltonΓÇÖs reservation 
offices and travel planners worldwide. For OnQ you must have certain hardware,  software, 
installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access System. 
For Guest Internet Access you must have certain hardware, software, an internet access circuit, 
and internet service. In addition, you must have the Connected Room system, the GRO system, 
the Delphi.fdc system, a Digital Floor Plan, and Digital Key system that meet our Standards and 
specifications. All of these components must be acquired from either HSS or preferred providers, 
or may be acquired from other (non -preferred) vendors, depending on the specific product or 
service and the individual circumstance s of your Hotel. We will provide you with our Standards 
and specifications as appropriate, but we do not issue Standards or technical specifications that 
are proprietary or confidential without protections in place that we deem sufficient (such as vendor 
confidentiality agreements). At certain times there might be only one approved or preferred vendor 
for certain hardware components or software applications, such as the GRO system, the Delphi 
system, and if your system uses the PEP property management system, the PEP local exchange 
gateway (LEG) device. See Items 5, 6, and 11 for details. In the future, any of the products or 
services may be manufactur ed or provided by an approved supplier who is also our client or 
supplier. See Item 8 above regarding HSS and other affiliate revenues related to the required 
business computer systems.  

   45     2026 US CURIO 
Hotel Identity and Positioning Consultant 
We may require you to use an independent third -party consultant (an ΓÇ£Identity ConsultantΓÇ¥) that 
has been approved by us to consult with you on the Trade Name, visual identity, and strategic 
brand positioning of your Hotel and all related designs, concepts, themes, ethos, and elements.  In 
that event, you may not use an Identity Consultant that we have not approved.  The estimated 
cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above. We may maintain a list of 
approved Identity Consultants that y ou can choose from, or you may propose an Identity 
Consultant for our approval. We will consider approving any Identity Consultant that you propose 
for your Hotel.   
Food and Beverage Consultant  
 
We may require you to use an independent third-party food and beverage consultant (ΓÇ£Food and 
Beverage ConsultantΓÇ¥) that has been approved by us to develop your HotelΓÇÖs food and beverage 
outlet concepts. In that event, you may not use a Food and Beverage Co nsultant that we have 
not approved. Your Food and Beverage Consultant will assist you to design the concept, theme, 
name and logo, menu items, trade dress, tableware and serving items, kitchen design and 
equipment, linens, lighting coordination with an app roved Lighting Consultant, sound system 
coordination with an approved Audio Consultant, staff uniforms, operating supplies, and other 
elements of the operations and guest experience of each of your food and beverage outlets.  Your 
Food and Beverage Consult ant must cooperate with us to ensure that your food and beverage 
outlets are appropriate and meet our Standards. If you choose to utilize an optional Restaurant 
Brand (described above) or to hire Hilton for food and beverage consulting services under the 
StiR Creative Collective program (described below), this requirement will be deemed met for the 
applicable food and beverage outlets.  The estimated cost of these services before opening is 
included in Item 7 above. 
 
Lighting Consultant  
 
We may require you to use an independent third-party lighting consultant (ΓÇ£Lighting ConsultantΓÇ¥) 
to develop the lighting design for all public areas throughout your Hotel. In that event, you may 
not use a Lighting Consultant that we have not approved. The Lighting Consultant is responsible 
for creating a lighting concept that delivers a Brand -appropriate experience consistent with your 
HotelΓÇÖs market positioning, food and beverage outlets, and other amenities. Your Lighting 
Consultant must cooperate with us  to ensure that your lighting plans are appropriate and meet 
our Standards. The estimated cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above.  
 
Audio Consultant  
 
We may require you to use an independent third -party acoustic or sound consultant (ΓÇ£Audio 
ConsultantΓÇ¥) to develop the acoustic and sound design for all public areas of your Hotel. In that 
event, you may not use an Audio Consultant that we have not approved. The Audio Consultant is 
responsible for creating a plan for sound management and guest audio experience that delivers 
a Brand-appropriate experience consistent with you HotelΓÇÖs concept or theme, market positioning, 
food and beverage outlets, and other am enities. Your Audio Consultant must cooperate with us 
to ensure that your acoustic and sound design plans are appropriate and meet our Standards.  
The estimated cost of these services before opening is included in Item 7 above. 
 

   46     2026 US CURIO 
Consultant Approval Process 
 
For each of the above-described Food and Beverage, Lighting, and Audio Consultants, we do not 
maintain a list of pre -approved consultants or a list of approval criteria for franchisees unless 
otherwise stated above.  We review each proposed consultant based on several factors including: 
(1) the quality of their services; (2) an established history in serving the System or the hotel 
market; and (3) recognition by us and our franchisees for prior work done. There is no specific 
time period for approving or di sapproving a consultant, however, we normally provide our 
approval or disapproval within about 30 to 60 days. Currently, we do not charge any fee for 
reviewing a proposed consultant, and we do not receive any revenue or other benefits from an 
approved consultant based on your use of their services (other than the StiR Creative Collective 
program described below). We may disapprove any consultant at any time in our discretion.   
 
StiR Creative Collective 
 
Hilton currently offers food and beverage consulting services under the StiR Creative Collective 
program (ΓÇ£StiRΓÇ¥). These services are optional. You are not required to participate in the StiR 
program. The specific consulting services that StiR offers may v ary by the location and by the 
type of food and beverage outlets in your Hotel. These services may include, for example: (1) 
conducting a market study and preparing a feasibility report to identify opportunities and help you 
define the objectives of your HotelΓÇÖs food and beverage program; (2) developing a comprehensive 
food and beverage program proposing an identity and culinary direction for each food and 
beverage outlet in your Hotel; (3) developing names, logos, branding, and supporting collateral 
for each concept; and (4) consulting with you and your Hotel development project team to ensure 
that the architecture, interior design, kitchen and other back-of-house foodservice areas, lighting, 
sound, and other elements provide the intended operational ability and guest experience. In some 
cases, Hilton may also provide opening menus, recipes, training, and ongoing support after 
opening. You would need to sign a consulting agreement for these services. In each case the 
cost would vary, and would be agreed by you and Hilton based on the specific scope of services 
that you select.  By way of example, we anticipate that cost would be $ 75,000 to $ 100,000 for 
each food and beverage outlet in a Curio Brand hotel.   
Restaurant Brands 
 
As described above, we offer optional Restaurant Brands for System Hotels. If you choose to 
utilize a Restaurant Brand in the operation of a food and beverage outlet at your Hotel, we will 
provide the principal brand name and trademark, and approve the trade name of the outlet.  We 
will also provide a package of support materials that may include signage  guidelines, menu 
templates, design and visual identity guides, staff uniform guidelines, and other supporting 
collateral for the concept. You must offer th e types and quality level of food and beverages that 
we specify. Although we do not mandate entire menus (specifying every food and beverage item 
that you must offer), we may require you to offer Signature Menu Items, which may utilize specific 
recipes, ingredients, kitchen equipment, or cooking methods. We may also disapprove any menu 
item that you propose if we determine that it is inconsistent with the Restaurant Brand identity, 
concept, or theme. 
 
We may specify the staff uniforms used at a Restaurant Brand outlet. If we do not specify staff 
uniforms, we may require you to obtain our approval for your staff uniforms.  In that case, we may 
disapprove a uniform that you propose if we determine that it is inconsistent with the Restaurant 
Brand identity, concept, or theme. 
 

   47     2026 US CURIO 
Through the Restaurant Brand Guidelines we may also specify: (a) requirements for the design, 
construction, renovation, refurbishment, appearance, and maintenance of the outlet; (b) the 
fixtures, furnishings, equipment, services, and supplies to be used in  the outlet; (c) approved or 
designated sources for supplies, goods and services; (d) required Signature Menu Items, along 
with ingredient lists, recipes, cooking and serving instructions, procedures, and methods; and (e) 
requirements pertaining to the ope ning and operating of the outlet (including but not limited to 
service levels, ancillary services, safety, and quality) and the advertising and marketing.  In 
addition, we may specify the minimum service or meal periods (such as, for example, breakfast, 
lunch, dinner, snack occasions, evening drinks and cocktail service, etc.) for on-premises dining 
and room service offerings.  
 
We do not place any additional restrictions on your sources of supplies for Restaurant Brand food 
and beverage outlets, other than those that apply to restaurants and bars under the Brand 
Standards generally (including any that may apply to room service, catering, and other services). 
We and our affiliates may derive revenue from suppliers as described in this Item 8. 
 
Promotional Programs 
We may develop promotional programs with third-party companies that feature those companiesΓÇÖ 
branded products or services being offered or used by our System Hotels. By way of example, 
we have collaborated with Tesla Inc., in connection with our electric v ehicle (EV) charging 
program, and with Mars Petcare and its family of pet care brands in connection with our pet -
friendly hotel programs. We may launch, modify, and end any such promotional programs at any 
time. We may require or permit your Hotel to parti cipate in these promotional programs, which 
can involve: (1) offering specified promotional program products or services to guests; (2) 
participating in related marketing efforts; (3) following related operating Standards; (4) purchasing 
and using certain related equipment and supplies; and (5) paying any fees or costs associated 
with the promotional programs (if any). We may designate approved suppliers for any such 
promotional programs or related products and services, and we and our affiliates may receiv e 
fees, rebates, and other revenues from your purchases related to these promotional programs as 
described in this Item 8. 
Construction and Renovation 
 
Before we permit you to proceed with your plans for construction or remodeling of the Hotel, and 
any time you make changes that affect usability or access to your Hotel, your architect or other 
applicable certified professional must certify to us that the hotel's plans and specifications comply 
with all laws related to accessibility for those with disabilities, as further described in the Manual. 
You may be required to complete an ADA Survey, in conjunction with an approved ADA consultant 
and in the form required by us, to determine if the Hotel is in compliance with the ADA within 30 
days of our request. The process for completing the survey, and other requirements related to it, 
will be set forth in the Manual. If requested, you must arrange for us and/or our affiliates to 
participate in all progress meetings during the development of the Hotel, to have access to all 
contract and construction documents for the Hotel and to have access to the Hotel during 
reasonable business hours to inspect the hotel and it s renovation, completion, furnishing and 
equipment for conformity to the finally -approved construction documents. However, we and our 
affiliates have no obligation to participate in progress meetings or to inspect the Hotel. Our 
approval is not a representation of the adequacy of the plans and specifications, the structural 
integrity, or the sufficiency of the mechanical and electrical systems for the Hotel. When you begin 
construction or conversion of the hotel and before your Hotel opens for business, both you and 
your architect or general contractor must provide us with a certificate stating that the plans and 

   48     2026 US CURIO 
as-built premises comply with all applicable legal requirements relating to accessibility for those 
with disabilities, as is further described in the Manual. If the Hotel does not comply with the ADA, 
you must submit a plan to the ADA consultant detailing the plan to bring the Hotel into compliance, 
following the process in the Manual. We may choose not to approve your opening if your Hotel is 
not compliant with the ADA. 
We currently estimate that the required purchases described above represent about 15% to 20% 
of the cost to establish a new System Hotel and about 2% to 5% of operating expenses. 
During the term of the Franchise Agreement and any term extensions, we may require you to 
make additional expenditures and investments to update and maintain your Hotel in accordance 
with the Standards , to comply with any applicable renovation schedule (including any cycled 
renovation), and to remove any deficiencies in your Hotel's operations. We may periodically 
require you to maintain, replace, modernize, rehabilitate, and/or upgrade your HotelΓÇÖs furniture, 
furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings, signs, computer hardware and software and 
related equipment, supplies, inventory, and other items to meet our then -current Standards. We 
may utilize specific renovation schedules for this purpose as part of the Standards, which we may 
modify at any time. These renovation schedule s may require significant renovations to the 
premises as well as the periodic replacement of case goods and soft goods at your Hotel. We 
may provide renovation schedules to you under our cycled renovation program, or any 
replacement program that we may uti lize under the Standards. You are required to comply with 
each renovation schedule that applies to your Hotel. You are responsible for the costs of 
complying with any such renovation schedule (including any cycled renovation program 
requirements), as well as any other changes that are necessary for your Hotel to remain in 
compliance with the Standards. 
Except as stated above, we do not negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers for the benefit 
of franchisees. There are no purchasing or distribution cooperatives . We provide you with no 
material benefits (such as license renewal or the grant of additional licenses) based on your use 
of designated or permitted sources . Except as described above, we presently receive no 
payments, discounts, rebates, credits or commissions from any supplier based on your purchases 
from that supplier. 
ITEM 9 
FRANCHISEEΓÇÖS OBLIGATIONS  
This table lists your principal obligations under the Franchise Agreement  and other 
agreements.  It will help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these 
agreements and in other Items of this Disclosure Document.  
Obligation Section in Franchise 
Agreement 
Section in HITS 
Agreements 
Disclosure 
Document 
Item 
a. Site selection and 
acquisition/lease 
1, 5.1.15 and 5.1.16; 
Addendum 
Not applicable 7 and 11 
b. Pre-opening purchases 
and leases 
1, 6.1.2, 6.2, 6.3; 
Addendum 
1.1 and 2.1;  
Order Doc 1.1 to 1.11 and 
4 to 10;  
Schedule B-1 
5, 6, 7, 8 and 
11 

   49     2026 US CURIO 
Obligation Section in Franchise 
Agreement 
Section in HITS 
Agreements 
Disclosure 
Document 
Item 
c.  Site development and 
other pre-opening 
requirements 
1, 5.1.17, 6.2, 6.3 and 
6.5; Addendum 
1.1 5, 6, 7, 8 and 
11 
d.  Initial and ongoing 
training 
4.1, 5.1.5 Order Doc 1.3 5, 6, 11 and 
15 
e.  Opening 1 and 6.4; 
2(a) of Spa Amendment; 
2(a) of Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
1.1 7 and 11 
 
f.  Fees 1, 4.1, 4.3, 4.5, 5.1.20, 
5.1.21, 5.1.28, 6.3.3, 
6.4.2, 6.6.3, 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, 
8.4, 8.5, 8.6, 8.7, 
12.2.1.2, 12.2.2.1, 
12.2.2.3, and 12.3.2; 
Addendum 7 of Spa 
Amendment; 7 of 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
1.1, 2.2, 4.3;  
Order Doc 1.4, 1.10, 2.5, 
3.1, 4.1 and 4.2;  
Schedule B-2 
5, 6, 7 and 16 
g. Compliance with 
Standards and Manual 
1, 4.5, 4.8, 5, 6.1.4, 6.2, 
6.6.1 and 7.0; 2(b), 2(c), 
6(a) and 6(c) of Spa 
Amendment; 2(b), 2(c) 
6(a) and 6(c) of 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
1.1, 2.1;  
Order Doc 1.2 and 7   
8, 11, 13, 14, 
15 and 16 
h. Trademarks and 
Proprietary Information 
1, 5.1.14, 5.1.29, and 9; 
Addendum; 3 and 5 of 
Eforea Spa Amendment; 
3 and 5 of Restaurant 
Brand Amendment 
1.1, 2.1, 2.3; 
 Order Doc 7;   
Schedule A, B-2 
13 and 14 
i. Restrictions on 
products and services 
offered 
5.1.17, 5.1.18, 5.1.23, 
5.1.24 and 5.1.26; 8 of 
Spa Amendment; 8 of 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
1.1 8 and 16 
j. Warranty and customer 
service requirements 
5.1.8, 5.1.20, and 5.1.28 1.1 6, 8 and 16 
k. Territorial development 
and sales quotas 
Not applicable Not applicable 12 
l. Ongoing product and 
service purchases 
1, 5.1.3 and 5.1.6; 3 of 
Spa Amendment; 3 of 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
2.1 6 and 8 
m. Maintenance, 
appearance and 
remodeling 
requirements 
5.1.4 and 6.6; 3 of Spa 
Amendment; 3 of 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
2.1;  
Order Doc 2, 4.2;  
Schedule A, B-2, K 
8 and 11 
n. Insurance 5.1.22 1.1;  
Schedule B-1 
6 and 7 
 

   50     2026 US CURIO 
Obligation Section in Franchise 
Agreement 
Section in HITS 
Agreements 
Disclosure 
Document 
Item 
o. Advertising 5.1.7, 5.1.13, 5.1.19 and 
5.1.20; Addendum; 6(c) 
of Spa Amendment; 6(c) 
of Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
1.1 6 and 11 
p. Indemnification 1 and 14; Guaranty 1.1, 5.4 6 
 
q. Owner's participation, 
management and 
staffing 
1, 4.3, 5.1.25, 5.1.27, 7.1 
and 15.1; Addendum 
Not applicable 15 
r. Records and reports 10.1 and 10.2; 
Addendum; Guaranty 
1.1; Article 3 Not applicable 
s. Inspections and audits 4.5 and 10.3; Addendum 1.1; Article 3 Items 6 and 8 
 
t. Transfer 1 and 12; 8 of Spa 
Amendment; 8 of 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
2.1 17 
u. Renewal Not applicable Not applicable 17 
 
v. Post-termination 
obligations 
13.6; 10 of Spa 
Amendment; 10 of 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
1.1, 4.2;  
Schedule B-2 
17 
w. Non-competition 
covenants 
 5.1.29, 5.1.29, 7.2 and 
7.3 
1.1 17 
x. Dispute resolution 16.2.1, 16.2.2 1.1;  
Schedule C-1 
17 
y. Other: Guaranty of 
franchiseeΓÇÖs obligations 
1,5.1.15, 8.6 and 
Guaranty 
1.1 15 
z.  Other: Liquidated 
Damages 
6.4.4.1 and 13.4 1.1 17 
ITEM 10 
FINANCING 
Other than the development incentive program described below, we generally do not offer direct 
or indirect financing for  franchisees. We may negotiate these incentives when business 
circumstances warrant. The incentive program may be modified, limited, extended or terminated 
at any time without advance notice or amendment of this Disclosure Document. 
We generally require payment of the Franchise Application Fee in a lump sum when you submit 
your Application, but may  occasionally allow payment of the Franchise Application Fee in 
installments over a limited time period before the start of construction work on the hotel. If we do, 
we will not charge interest or require a security interest over the installment period or require you 
to sign a note. You may prepay the unpaid amount of the Franchise Application Fee at any time. 
If there is a default under the Franchise Agreement, the outstanding balance is accelerated and 
becomes your immediate obligation, along with any court costs and attorneysΓÇÖ fees for collection. 

   51     2026 US CURIO 
We may, in our sole discretion, offer incentives for new hotels (ΓÇ£IncentivesΓÇ¥).  An Incentive is a 
financial contribution that we make to assist with the development or conversion of your Hotel.  To 
receive an Incentive, you and your principals must sign a development incentive note (ΓÇ£NoteΓÇ¥) in 
the form attached as Exhibit D-2 when you sign the Franchise Agreement.  An Incentive does not 
have to be repaid, unless the franchise terminates before the end of the Term or a transfer occurs 
as described below. The Incentive will be disbursed to you within 30 days after the Hotel opens 
with our consent, as long as: (a) there have been no material adverse changes in the business, 
legal, litigation, bankruptcy status or finances of you, any guarantors, or the project since we 
granted approval; (b) you have completed any required PIP; and (c) you have paid the Franchise 
Application Fee. 
An Incentive is not a loan, it is a contingent liability. If your franchise terminates before the end of 
the Term you must pay us the then-current repayable amount of the Incentive. If you transfer your 
Hotel you must also pay us the then-current repayable amount of the Incentive, unless we permit 
the transferee to assume your obligations under the Note. In that case we may require the 
transferee to provide us with such additional security as we deem appropriate. The repayable 
amount of the Incentive decreases over time. For each year that the Hotel is open, the repayable 
amount is reduced by an equal annual percentage of the Term. For example, if the franchise has 
a 10-year Term, the repayable amount is reduced by 1/10th of the original amount annually. If the 
franchise has a 20-year term, the repayable amount is reduced by 1/20 th of the original amount 
annually. An Incentive bears no interest. However, if an Incentive becomes repayable and 
payment is not made in full when due, the outstanding amount is subj ect to interest at 1.5% per 
month or the highest rate allowed by law . We may reduce the amount of the Incentive that we 
disburse to you by any amount that you or your affiliates owe to us or our affiliates, and this will 
not affect the calculation of the amount repayable to us. We may grant renewals, extensions, 
modifications, compositions, compromises, releases or discharges of other parties without notice 
to any guarantor or co -maker. You may not use any portion of the Incentive to make, offer, or 
authorize any Improper Payment or engage in any act violating any Anti -Corruption Law. If we 
reasonably believe that you have used the Incentive in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law, you 
must cooperate with our reasonable requests for information and permit us  to inspect all books 
and records pertaining to your Hotel.  
We generally do not offer any other financing or guarantee any note, lease, or other obligations. 
However, in unique or rare circumstances we may choose to offer other types of financing such 
as, for example, a mezzanine loan or a guaranty of your note, lease, or other obligations.  In that 
event, the arrangements we offer would be based on the unique circumstances and financial 
situation of your Hotel. As a result, we cannot determine in advance the key terms such as, for 
example, the amount, term, repayme nt obligations, interest, fees, costs, penalties, security 
interests, default provisions, and other conditions or requirements. We also cannot determine in 
advance the type of documentation that would be required such as, for example, notes, 
guarantees, security agreements, mortgages, deeds, assignments, equity pledges, credit letters, 
intercreditor agreements, or other instruments. We do not have sample forms of these types of 
documents. These documents and each of their terms would be agreed at the time of origination. 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISORΓÇÖS ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.  
We may provide any of these services through our employees and representatives, through our 
affiliates or through any third-party-provider we designate.  

   52     2026 US CURIO 
Hilton will, at all times acting on our behalf, discharge all of our duties and obligations under Brand 
franchise agreements governing hotels situated in the US, including: discharging all of our 
obligations to franchisees; managing the Brand and the System ; marketing, offering and 
negotiating new franchise agreements (including New Development, Relicensing, and Change of 
Ownership franchise agreements) as our franchise broker; furnishing assistance to Brand 
franchisees in the US; implementing our quality assurance programs; and, otherwise on our 
behalf, discharging all duties we owe under franchise agreements governing Brand hotels in the 
US.  
Hilton or its affiliates employ all the persons who will provide services to you on our behalf under 
the terms of your Franchise Agreement.  If Hilton fails to perform its obligations, then Hilton may 
be replaced as the franchise service provider .  However, as the Franchisor, we will always be 
responsible for fulfilling all our duties and obligations under your Franchise Agreement. 
Pre-Opening Phase Obligations 
After we approve your Application and/or you sign the Franchise Agreement, but before you open 
your Hotel:  
(1) We will loan to you a copy of our Manual and/or provide you with electronic access to the 
Manual on the Curio Intranet resources library .  The Manual is confidential and is the 
property of our affiliate , Hilton International Holding LLC , a Delaware limited liability 
company (ΓÇ£HIHΓÇ¥) (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.5).  References to the Manual include 
the Standards , which  include all standards, specifications, requirements, criteria, and 
policies that have been and are in the future developed and compiled by us for use by you 
in connection with the design, construction, renovation, refurbishment, appearance, 
equipping, fur nishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, 
service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotels, including the Hotel, and 
for hotel advertising and accounting, whether in the Manual or the Franchise Agreement 
or ot her written communication  (Franchise Agreement , Sections 1.0 and 4. 5). The 
Standards do not include any personnel policies or procedures that we may, at our option, 
make available to you in the Manual or other written communication.  You may, in your 
sole judgment, determine to what extent, if any, any such personnel policies or procedures 
might apply to the Hotel or Hotel site. The current table of contents of th e Manual is 
attached as Exhibit H-1. 
 
(2) Before you retain or engage an architect, interior designer, general contractor and major 
subcontractors, we will review your selection, and you must obtain ou r prior written 
consent (Franchise Agreement, Section 6.1.1). 
 
(3) Plans and Designs must be submitted to us in accordance with the PIP.  Before we 
approve your Plans, your architect or other certified professional must certify to us that the 
Plans comply with all laws related to accessibility for those with disabilities.  You shall not 
commence any Renovation Work unless and until we have issued our written consent in 
respect of the Plans and Designs, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Once 
we have provided our consent to the Plans and Designs, no change may be made to the 
Plans or Designs without our prior written consent. By consenting to the Plans and Designs 
or any changes or modifications to the Plans and Designs, we do not warrant the depth of 
our analysis or assume any responsibility or liability for the suitability of the Plans and 
Designs or the resulting Renovation Wor k. On completion of the Renovation Work and, 
as a condition to our authorization to open the Hotel under the Brand, your architect, 
general contractor or other certified professional must provide us with a certificate stating 

   53     2026 US CURIO 
that the as -built premises comply with all laws relating to accessibility for those with 
disabilities.  Consenting to the opening of the Hotel is within our sole business discretion  
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 6.1.2., 6.1.3, 6.1.4 and 6.1.5). 
(4) We will r eview and approve or disapprove your p roposed management of the hotel  
(Franchise Agreement, Section 7.0). In evaluating the proposed management, we look at 
the proposed management organizational structure, prior experience and performance in 
managing similar first-class, full-service hotels, as well as other relevant factors. If we do 
not approve your proposed management, then we will require you to hire a professional 
hotel management company satisfactory to us to manage the hotel for at least  the first 
year of operations . At the end of the year, if you request it, we will reevaluate this 
requirement. 
(5) We will provide you with the applicable HITS Agreement (which will be countersigned by 
HSS) before you open your Hotel.  The HITS Agreement governs your access to and use 
the Reservation Service which is an integral part of the System we license to you  (see 
Computer Requirements below). 
(6) We will make available to you for use in your Hotel various purchase, lease, or other 
arrangements with respect to exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies and 
furnishings, which we or Hilton Worldwide may have and which we make available to other 
Brand franchisees (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.7). 
(7) If you open an eforea spa with your Hotel, before your spa opens, we or one of our affiliates 
will provide you with the Hilton Global Wellness Design Guidelines, eforea design 
guidelines, a collateral suite and spa menus (Spa Amendment, Section  4).  We will also 
loan to you a copy of the eforea spa Manual or provide you with electronic access to the 
eforea spa Manual on the Hilton Intranet resources library.  The e forea spa Manual is 
confidential and is the property of our affiliate, HIH (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6).  
The current Table of Contents of the eforea spa Manual is attached at Exhibit H -2.  We 
will also provide you with a list of approved suppliers a nd specifications for required 
operating equipment, products, supplies and furnishings in the spa. (Spa Amendment, 
Section 4). 
(8) If you open a food and beverage outlet at your Hotel that uses a Restaurant Brand, before 
opening, we or one of our affiliates will provide you with the Restaurant Brand materials 
described in Item 1, and we will also consult with you on the design and build-out of your 
outlet (Restaurant Brand Amendment, Section 4). We will also loan you a copy of the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines or provide you with electronic access to Restaurant Brand 
Guidelines on the Hilton intranet resources library. The Restaurant Brand Guidelines are 
confidential and the property of our affiliate, HIH (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.6). The 
current Table of Contents of the Restaurant Brand Guidelines is attached at Exhibit H-3. 
(8) We will specify initial and ongoing required and optional training programs (Franchise 
Agreement, Section  4.1). You must pay a fee for these programs and the training 
materials. You must also pay for travel, lodging and other expenses associated with 
training (see Training below). 
We are not obligated to assist you with locating, purchasing or leasing a site for your Hotel.  We 
may require you to provide us with evidence that is satisfactory to us showing your title to, or long-

   54     2026 US CURIO 
term possessory interest in, the real property on which the Hotel will be sited, such as a deed, 
lease, or similar instrument. 
Computer System 
You must use our required business computer system, which we may periodically change 
(Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).  Currently, we require you to use ΓÇ£OnQ∩âÆ,ΓÇ¥ which 
connects System Hotels to HiltonΓÇÖs reservation offices and travel planners worldwide. OnQ is 
comprised of proprietary components for reservations, property management, revenue 
management, rate & inventory management, forecast management, learning management, and 
other components we consider necessary to support the following activities: reservations, 
distribution, sales, customer relationship management, hotel operations, and business 
intelligence gathering and analysis. The complete OnQ package cu rrently includes hardware, 
software, installation, and support. We also require you to use our required Guest Internet Access 
System, which we may periodically change.  The components of each are described below, and 
the cost estimates are based on a standard prototype Brand hotel.    
The OnQ System 
OnQ Hardware and Software. You must use authorized hardware and the required software 
for the OnQ system. You may acquire the authorized hardware from HSS or its preferred 
providers, or you may purchase or lease it through other third -party providers. If you acquire 
the hardware f rom another (non -preferred) third party, you must also pay HSS for its 
reasonable expenses in determining that it conforms to our specifications. You must also pay 
for all necessary communications vehicles for OnQ (wide area network connections, electronic 
mail, and Internet connections), along with the installation and configuration costs, and travel 
and other expenses of the employees and vendors who perform the installation and 
configuration services.  
The property management system component within the OnQ system is called the Hilton 
Property Management System ("HPMSΓÇ¥). HPMS may also be referred to as the Property 
Engagement Platform (ΓÇ£PEP ┬«ΓÇ¥). You are required to license the HPMS software from our 
affiliate, HSS. HSS is the only supplier of the HPMS software because of its proprietary nature. 
We are not able to determine a separate market price because there is no third -party market 
for this product in its entirety. You must pay for the reasonable travel  and other expenses of 
HSS employees and vendors who install and maintain the software. If you purchase the 
standard hardware and software from HSS, we estimate it will cost between $ 82,800 and 
$218,800. This includes hardware, software, installation and certain other costs and fees, and 
is based on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. These fees are not refundable. 
About 90 to 120 days before your Hotel opens, you must sign the agreement for OnQ (HITS 
Agreement) and/or other related agreements we require, which will govern your access to and 
use of the OnQ system. The current HITS Agreement is attached as Exhibit  G. You must also 
purchase certain software licenses such as Windows Server operating systems and related client 
access licenses, database applications, and virus detection and removal tools. Where applicable, 
these licenses must be purchased through existing enterprise agreements HSS has in place with 
vendors such as Microsoft. HSS will invoice the Hotel for such purchases. You may purchase 
other software not covered by enterprise agreements from other third -party suppliers. Costs of 
these licenses may vary ba sed on the number of users or computers at your Hotel and other 
factors. 

   55     2026 US CURIO 
OnQ Connectivity. The cost for OnQ connectivity is billed to you by HSS, and costs between $400 
and $600 per month. Billing will begin when your HotelΓÇÖs internet access circuit is installed, about 
45 days before opening. These fees are not refundable (see HITS Agreement, Order Document 
Section 1.7). 
Start-Up Delay and Rescheduling Fees.  You must have one or more Systems Implementation 
Consultants (ΓÇ£SICsΓÇ¥) on site for your HotelΓÇÖs opening. HSS determines the number of SICs and 
the number of days they will be on site based on size and type of hotel. Any delays in opening 
will cost $700 per SIC per day for each additional day, plus the SICsΓÇÖ travel expenses. If the delay 
results in the departure and re -scheduling of the SICsΓÇÖ on -site service period, a $2,000 re-
scheduling fee would be charged plus the SICsΓÇÖ additional travel expenses. These f ees are not 
refundable (see HITS Agreement, Order Document Sections 1.6 and 1.11).   
Hardware and Software  Maintenance and Support . HSS provides maintenance upgrades on  
HPMS software. In addition, you must sign a hardware maintenance contract for OnQ hardware 
and you must pay the first monthΓÇÖs fee within 30 days after shipment of the hardware. The cost 
varies based on the size of the hotel and number of workstations. In 2025, these fees ranged from 
$2,295 to $6,689 per month ($27,540 and $80,268 per year). These fees are not refundable (see 
HITS Agreement, Schedule B-2). 
OnQ System Refresh.  You must update and upgrade (ΓÇ£refreshΓÇ¥) the OnQ system at least every 
3 years or such longer period as we may designate.  We may also require the OnQ system to be 
refreshed in connection with a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise 
agreement is signed. We anticipate that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the 
original installation (but not including any elements that were needed for the original installation 
only).     
We will have independent access to the information that will be generated by or stored in the OnQ 
system.  There are no contractual limitations on our rights to access this information.  We may 
change the way in which data is delivered to System Hotels in our sole judgment as changes are 
made to the architecture of the OnQ system or other business computer systems that we may 
require (Franchise Agreement, Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).   
Guest Internet Access System 
You must provide internet access for all guest rooms, meeting rooms, and public spaces at your 
Hotel in accordance with our Standards (ΓÇ£Guest Internet AccessΓÇ¥) (Franchise Agreement, 
Sections 5.1.3 and 5.1.6).  Currently, our approved Guest Internet Access program is called 
ΓÇ£StayConnected.ΓÇ¥ You must install certain hardware and software, an internet access circuit, and 
subscribe to an internet access service to meet this requirement.  
Guest Internet Access Hardware and Software . The hardware and software for Guest Internet 
Access will be provided by, installed by, and maintained by our preferred providers. In addition to 
the hardware and software costs, you must pay for all necessary communication vehicles (phone 
lines, network connections), installation and configuration costs, and travel and other expenses 
of the vendors who perform the installation and configuration services. We estimate that it will 
cost between $96,044 and $140,360 for Guest Internet Access hardware, software, installation, 
and certain other costs and fees, excluding taxes or structured cable and cabling installation. 
Guest Internet Access Circuit .  You must install a Guest Internet Access circuit that meets our 
specifications, and pay for the ongoing cost of using the circuit from a preferred provider. You 

   56     2026 US CURIO 
must arrange for procurement of the monthly service for the required connection locally. The cost 
will depend on the circuit size, type, and the physical location of your Hotel. Currently, we estimate 
that these together will cost between $1,500 and $5,500 per month ($18,000 to $66,000 per year). 
These fees are normally not refundable.  
Guest Internet Access Service.  You must also arrange and pay for the ongoing Guest Internet 
Access service. You must purchase this service from a preferred provider.  The cost will depend 
on your HotelΓÇÖs size and number of meeting rooms. Currently, we estimate that it will cost between 
$828 and $1,600 per month ($ 9,936 to $19,200 per year). This estimate includes the monthly 
service for the 24x7 call center support and equipment break -fix maintenance. Your costs will 
depend on your HotelΓÇÖs size and number of meeting rooms. These fees are normally not 
refundable. 
Guest Internet Access Refresh. You must refresh the Guest Internet Access system at least every 
4 years.  We may also require the Guest Internet Access system to be refreshed in connection 
with a Change of Ownership or Relicensing, when a new franchise agreement is signed. We 
anticipate that cost of this to be the same or less than the cost of the original installation (but not 
including any elements that were needed for the original installation only).   
GRO System 
 
You must install our required Global Revenue Optimization (ΓÇ£GROΓÇ¥) system. The GRO system is 
an online application that utilizes third-party software to provide pricing recommendations for your 
Hotel based on robust data analytics and forecasting. The system integrates with the OnQ system 
for ease of operation. You are not required to adopt the pricing recommendations provided by 
GRO. Currently, the GRO system is based on a solution provided by Integrated Decisions and 
Systems, Inc. (ΓÇ£IDeaSΓÇ¥), which provides  maintenance and customer support services for the 
application. We may provide additional support. There are no other approved vendors at this time. 
We are not obligated to provide any maintenance or updates for the GRO system. The system is 
updated and ma intained centrally by IDeaS. We will have independent access to your HotelΓÇÖs 
information stored in this system. There are no contractual limitations on our right to access this 
information. Currently, you must pay for a portion of the installation costs of  the GRO system at 
your Hotel, which is currently about $3,800. Currently, you are not required to pay an ongoing fee 
to use this system. 
Connected Room System 
We may require you to install our ΓÇ£Connected RoomΓÇ¥ system, which provides an assortment of  
streaming apps and allows guests to control their guest room television using the Hilton Honors 
App. This system requires a control module that is connected to each in -room television along 
with certain electrical fixtures, which you must purchase from us or our approved vendors. The 
cost of this system is currently between $45,100 and $53,900, and the cost of the electrical fixtures 
is competitive with equivalent standard fixtures. The initial installation costs are paid to the vendor 
before opening. You must also have maintenance  and support from us or an approved vendor, 
which is paid to us and currently costs between $ 805 and $1,170 per month ($9,660 to $14,040 
per year). These costs are normally not refundable. 
Delphi System 
The set-up costs of this system are between $ 990 and $41,000. Additional set -up costs may 
apply, depending on the implementation approach you choose and the specific needs of your 

   57     2026 US CURIO 
Hotel. You will pay the set-up costs to the vendor directly.  You must also pay annual license fees 
and maintenance costs of $858 per user per year. You will pay all Delphi system fees to HSS, 
which are passed through to the vendor. The optional on-property license fee includes a mark-up 
of up to 12% , which we keep to help cover our costs in developing and maintaining the Delphi 
system for Network Hotels. Depending on your HotelΓÇÖs technology configuration, you may be 
required to utilize the MeetingBroker le ad distribution platform, which integrates with Delphi.fdc 
and other group booking systems. MeetingBroker is also powered by Amadeus Hospitality. There 
are no separate fees for the MeetingBroker lead distribution platform, although you may be 
required to s ign a separate license agreement with Amadeus Hospitality to use it. We are not 
obligated to provide any maintenance or updates for either of these systems. You must maintain 
and update them at your cost to remain in compliance with the Standards. There are no limits on 
the frequency or cost of this obligation. We will have independent access to your HotelΓÇÖs event 
sales information stored in these systems (including accounts, inventory, bookings and other 
data). There are no contractual limitations on our right to access this information.   
Eforea Spa 
If you open an eforea spa at your Hotel, you must obtain and use industry appropriate spa booking 
software to schedule customer appointments, record customer information and transaction data, 
take payments for services, create reports regarding your spaΓÇÖs operations and create and 
customize social media and email marketing campaigns. You will also need to purchase certain 
other equipment including a bar code scanner, magstrips reader and receipt printer. Neither we, 
nor any affiliate or any third -party has any obligation to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, 
upgrades or updates related to any such computer system. We can periodically require you to 
upgrade or update any of your spa computer systems while you are operating an eforea spa. 
There are no contractual limitations on the cost of this obligation.   
Digital Floor Plan 
You must pay $2,500 for the preparation of a Digital Floor Plan for your Hotel.  HSS will have the 
Digital Floor Plan prepared by a local vendor.  The floor plan will be used by us and our affiliates, 
including Hilton Honors Worldwide, to allow Hilton Honors guests to choose their room from a 
map of the hotel and enable digital check-in.  This fee is paid to HSS before opening, and is not 
refundable. 
Digital Key 
 
You must use our Digital Key system, which enables hotel guests to open their guest room doors 
wirelessly (without a physical door key) through the Hilton Honors App. This effectively allows 
guests to use their mobile phone as their room key.  There is no separate charge for the Digital 
Key system. The software for the system is within the OnQ system described above, and the 
hardware consists of electronic door locksets and a programming device which are included in 
the construction cost estimates in Item 7 above. 
Other Business Systems 
For the operation of any other business computer systems you may choose to use outside of 
OnQ, including but not limited to financial and accounting systems, point of sale, telephone, 
timekeeping and payroll, certain inventory systems, and spa and health c lub memberships (if 
applicable), you are able to contract with the supplier of your choice for both the hardware and 
software, subject to meeting our Standards on features and functionality. The only restriction 

   58     2026 US CURIO 
would be where such hardware and software need to interface to OnQ. In those instances, your 
choice of supplier would be restricted to those that have a working interface to OnQ. The 
hardware, software, and interfaces must be installed by, and fees must be paid to, the respective 
vendors you choose. 
 
Training 
 
We offer required training courses to those affiliated with the System for orientation and as part 
of the certification process. Our training is designed for and based on the specific business and 
operational functions of Brand Hotels. The personnel you designate to fulfill these business and 
operational functions must complete the required training to our satisfaction. If you hire 
replacement personnel for any of these roles or functions,  the replacements must successfully 
complete the appropriate training programs. 
 
When we provide training, we provide the training content that we deem necessary and 
appropriate for the business and operational functions of the Hotel so that it may operate in 
accordance with our Standards. At all times under the Franchise Agreement you  are an 
independent contractor and an independent employer, and we will not direct or supervise your 
personnel, or have, retain, reserve, or exercise any control over your (or your Management 
CompanyΓÇÖs) personnel or personnel policies or procedures in any manner. 
 
The following table describes our training program as of the Issuance Date of this Disclosure 
Document. We may modify our training requirements over time. The subject matter, time required, 
locations, and costs are subject to change. In this table the term ΓÇ£virtualΓÇ¥ means an internet-based 
class with a live instructor, and ΓÇ£onlineΓÇ¥ means an internet-based class that does not have a live 
instructor. Both virtual and online training courses are considered equivalent to classroom 
training. These courses may be provided by us or our designated third-party vendors.   
 
We will provide you with our current Brand training requirements document upon request and/or 
you may access it through our intranet, The Lobby.  
TRAINING PROGRAM 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of 
On the Job 
Training 
Location 
Brand Conference  
(Note 1) 
Varies 0 Varies 
General Manager, Commercial and Sales 
Leader Training  
(Note 2) 
Up to 18 0 Virtual 
Hilton Property Management System (HPMS) 
Training (Note 3)   
1-5 0 Online 
OnQ Rate & Inventory and GRO Training  
(Note 4)  
5 0 Online 
 
Hilton Honors Training  
(Note 5) 
1  1 Online or On-site 
Hilton Core Sales Skills  
(Note 6) 
24 0 Virtual 

   59     2026 US CURIO 
Subject 
Hours of 
Classroom 
Training 
Hours of 
On the Job 
Training 
Location 
ADA Training  
(Note 7) 
Varies 0 Online 
Annual Compliance Training  
(Note 8) 
2-3 0 Online or  
Classroom 
Pre-Opening Training Resources 
(Note 9) 
Varies 0 On-site 
Owner Orientation  
(Note 10) 
16 0 Virtual 
New to Hospitality Owner Education  
(Note 11) 
20 0 Virtual 
Welcome to Hilton Orientation  
(Note 12) 
4 to 8 0 On-site 
Service Skills Training  
(Note 13) 
1 to 3 0 On-site or Online 
Eforea Spa Training  
(Note 12) 
16 0 On-site 
NOTES 
1. Brand Conference.  We require participation by your general manager and director of 
sales (or equivalent) in an annual Brand or regional conference. Conference program fees and 
expenses are not refundable. The conference may be held at various hotel locations. Currently, 
the cost is $2,500. 
 
2. General Manager, Commercial and Sales Leader Training. Your general manager and 
other commercial leaders must complete this virtual learning program within 90 days of their start 
date. This training is required for all new general managers and commercial leaders, and those 
who have been away from the Brand or the role for more than 24 months. When a qualified 
general manager or commercial leader leaves the role, you must have a replacement person 
(even if temporary) complete the training so that your Hotel does not have more than 90 days 
without a qualified person overseeing the function. The specific curriculum of this training and the 
attendant cost may vary based on the traineeΓÇÖs experience in the role. Currently, the cost is up to 
$1,200. 
 
3. Hilton Property Management System (ΓÇ£HPMSΓÇ¥) Training.  Before the opening of your 
Hotel, all Hotel staff that will be utilizing HPMS must first complete their respective training based 
on their role. This training is mandatory for all personnel working in the designated subject areas. 
We will verify that al l front desk staff and management have successfully completed training. If 
your staff have not completed the required training, the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. 
Currently, there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
4. OnQ Rate & Inventory and GRO Training.  Before your Hotel opens, all staff that will be 
utilizing the OnQ Rate and Inventory Management component must complete their respective 
self-paced web -based training and obtain a certificate of completion. We will verify that all 
reservations and reven ue management staff have successfully completed training and have 
passed a certification test by at least a minimum score of 80%. Up to 3 of your management staff 
must be certified, based on the number of rooms. If your staff does not attain the minimum score, 
the opening of your Hotel may be delayed. Currently there is no separate fee for this training. 

   60     2026 US CURIO 
 
5. Hilton Honors Training.  The Hilton Honors Training is online through Hilton University.  
This training program is mandatory for all management personnel in key functions and applicable 
front office personnel and must be completed before the Hotel opens, or is converted, or within 
14 to 45 days of their start date, depending on job position. Currently, there is no separate fee for 
this training. 
 
6. Hilton Core Sales Skills.  All designated commercial leaders and sales staff must 
successfully complete this certification program within 90 days of their start date. This program 
teaches HiltonΓÇÖs sales process and reinforces critical consultative selling skills. Attendees must 
complete the applicable track to complete the certification: The ΓÇ£FoundationsΓÇ¥ track is for 
attendees with less than 2 years of experience.  It consists of a 6-week blended learning program. 
The ΓÇ£AcceleratedΓÇ¥ track is for attendees  with 2 or more years of experience. It consists of a 2 -
week blended learning program. Currently, the cost is up to $600 per attendee. 
7. ADA Training.  If you engage in a Permitted Transfer, Conversion, Relicensing or Change 
of Ownership Transfer for the Hotel, we may require you or personnel you designate to attend an 
online training in order to complete an independent survey conducted by an ADA consultant to 
determine the HotelΓÇÖs compliance with the ADA. Currently, there is no separate fee for this 
training. 
 
8. Annual Compliance Training.  Your Hotel must meet annual compliance training 
requirements. Annual compliance training topics may include human trafficking prevention, 
disability awareness, cyber security, and other topics we determine. We offer annual compliance 
training at no cost. A lternatively, you may choose to obtain this training from a vendor of your 
choice, in which case the cost would be agreed between you and the vendor. We can provide 
vendor recommendations upon request. We estimate vendor fees would typically cost $25 to $50 
per person, per topic. 
 
9. Pre-Opening Training Resources. Your Hotel is provided unlimited access to brand 
hospitality tools and resources including intro webinars and staff workshops. The current cost is 
$1,000.  
 
10. Owner Orientation . Owner orientation is required for all franchisees or management 
company representatives who are new to the Hilton Worldwide Brands 12-18 months before the 
opening of your Hotel. Either you or the person you designate to supervise your general manager 
must attend. If a Change of Ownership takes place and the transferee is a first -time Brand 
franchisee, they must attend this program within 180 days of the date of the transfer. Cur rently, 
there is no separate fee for this program. 
 
11. New to Hospitality Owner Education. This portfolio of classes is a virtual learning 
program for franchisees that do not have prior hospitality or comparable brand experience. This 
training must be taken before opening or within 90 days after a Change of Ownership. We 
encourage you to complet e this training before Owner Orientation. This program will provide 
baseline industry knowledge, best practices, and help build competencies in hospitality 
foundations including revenue management, asset management, sales generation, and talent 
management. This training is provided by a vendor we select.  Currently, all fees are paid directly 
to the vendor. At least 1 person in your organization must successfully complete this training.  
Currently, the cost for this program is up to $2,500 per participant.  
 

   61     2026 US CURIO 
12. Welcome to Hilton Orientation. All new Hotel staff must complete this orientation within 
30 days of their start date. This orientation is conducted by designated trainers at the Hotel or as 
otherwise approved by us. This orientation currently includes three sessions: Welcome to Hilton, 
Welcome to Your Brand, and Welcome to Your Hotel. Currently, there is no additional fee for this 
training. 
 
13. Service Skills Training. All Hotel staff must complete this training within 30 days of their 
start date. It is designed to enable the Hotel to deliver reliable and friendly guest experiences 
using e-learning, instructor-led training, and leader resources. We may utilize differen t titles for 
this training. Currently there is no separate fee for this training. 
 
14. Eforea Spa Training. If you have an eforea spa at your Hotel, product and service training 
must be completed before your eforea Spa opens for business by the spa director (or equivalent), 
each member of your leadership team, all members of administration and all technical positions 
including estheticians, nail technicians, therapists and hairdressers. Training will focus on the 
various products and services that you will provide at your s pa. Training will be conducted by 
personnel of the suppliers we specify who are providing their products and services to your spa. 
They will generally have a minimum of 6 to 10 yearsΓÇÖ experience in the spa industry and at least 
1 yearsΓÇÖ experience with their respective companies. Currently, there is no separate fee for t his 
training. We may require you to attend an eforea spa Brand guest experience training in the future 
on how to deliver the eforea spa experience. 
 
Online and web-based programming is self-paced training that trainees can access at any time.  
For other training, unless otherwise noted, we will provide the training on an as needed basis.  
 
Our instructors and presenters generally have a minimum of 2 to 5 yearsΓÇÖ experience in the subject 
taught. We use a variety of instructional materials in connection with our training programs, 
including our Manual, virtually led live learning labs, self ΓÇæpaced eLearning, webinars, e ΓÇæbooks, 
digital programs, social learning opportunities, on ΓÇætheΓÇæjob learning recommendations, and a 
variety of printed and multimedia resources . We may modify these materials or use other 
materials for the training programs. 
 
We and our affiliates offer many additional optional learning programs and may develop additional 
learning programs at any time.  You must pay any fees associated with required and optional 
training courses. We may also charge for training materials. You p ay for any travel, lodging and 
miscellaneous expenses of your attendees. For programs that include travel by our (or our 
affiliateΓÇÖs) trainers to your Hotel site, you may also be required to pay travel, lodging, tax and 
meals of the trainers. 
 
Operational Phase Services 
 
During the operation of the franchised business, we will: 
 
(1) Periodically publish (either in hard copy or electronic form or both) and make available to 
the traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels, including your Hotel.  We will 
include the Hotel, or cause the Hotel to be included, where applicable, in advertising of 
System Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing programs offered by 
us, subject to and in accordance with our general practice for System Hotels.  (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 4.4).   

   62     2026 US CURIO 
(2) Afford you access to the Reservation Service on the same basis as other System Hotels, 
as long as you are in full compliance with the obligations set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement, including all Standards set forth in the Manual. Our Reservation Service  
currently connects System Hotels to our global reservations database and global 
distribution systems. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.2). However, if your Hotel is in 
default we may suspend our obligations to you under the Franchise Agreement, including 
removing the listing of your Hotel from any directories we publish and from any advertising 
we publish, assessing any applicable non-compliance fee, and/or suspending or removing 
your Hotel from the Reservations Service. (Franchise Agreement, Section 13.3). 
(3) Administer a quality assurance program for the System that may include conducting 
periodic inspections of the hotel and guest satisfaction surveys and audits to ensure 
compliance with System Standards.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.5).  
(4) If you are operating an eforea spa, we will also make available to you the services of a 
consultant who will periodically provide you with suggestions for the improvement of your 
spaΓÇÖs operations.  (Spa Amendment, Section 4). 
(5) If you are operating a food and beverage outlet  in your Hotel that utilizes a Restaurant 
Brand, our quality assurance program may include conducting periodic inspections and 
audits to ensure compliance with Restaurant Brand Guidelines as well as the Brand 
Standards.  
In furnishing these benefits, facilities or services to you, neither we nor any of our affiliates will 
exercise control or supervision over you  or your personnel.  Management and operation of the 
Hotel is your sole responsibility and obligation. 
Quality Assurance Program 
Our quality assurance program has multiple components. Under this program, we conduct 
periodic inspections of the Hotel and guest satisfaction surveys , audits, and assessments, to 
ensure your HotelΓÇÖs compliance with PIP requirements, cycled renovation requirements, and 
overall System Standards. Our quality assurance fees are listed in Item 6. The intent of these fees 
is to recoup our actual costs as well as damage and losses incurred in connection with harm done 
to the BrandΓÇÖs reputation and goodwill as a r esult of quality and service failures at Brand hotels. 
Accordingly, any amounts collected in excess of our costs will be used to supplement the Monthly 
Program Fee for the benefit of the System  and Network as described below, and will not be 
retained by us.   
Our Service Improvement Program (formerly known as the Quality Improvement Program) is a 
part of our quality assurance program. Any hotel that fails to meet our minimum Service Standards 
for more than 6 continuous months may be required to participate in o ur Service Improvement 
Program, which consists of: (a) completion of a Service Improvement Plan for your Hotel; (b) you 
or your managementΓÇÖs successful completion of our service improvement process (which may 
include additional assessments, re-training, consulting and coaching, or other steps administered 
by us or third -party vendors we designate); and (c) payment of the applicable Service 
Improvement program fees. We may waive one or more these requirements based on the 
particular circumstances at individual hotels. We plan to implement these updates to our Service 
Improvement Program later this year.  At that time, we might make certain adjustments to the 
program components and fees. See Item 6.  
 

   63     2026 US CURIO 
If you are operating a food and beverage outlet in your Hotel that utilizes a Restaurant Brand, our 
quality assurance program may include conducting periodic inspections and audits to ensure 
compliance with Restaurant Brand Guidelines as well as the Brand Standards. We may utilize 
third-party service providers to conduct these inspections and audits. We may also make available 
to you the services of a consultant who will periodically provide you with suggestions for the 
improvement of your outletΓÇÖs operations. 
 
Advertising 
 
We are not required to engage in or maintain any particular advertising program apart from our 
general obligations to periodically publish and make available to the traveling public a directory of 
all System Hotels (including your Hotel), to include your Hotel in national or regional group 
advertising of System Hotels, and to include your Hotel in international, national and regional 
market programs. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4). Most advertising is placed on the internet, 
as well as in traditional me dia (such as TV, radio, newspaper, magazine, and direct email), 
generally with national coverage. The source of our advertising is our in -house marketing 
department, advertising agencies, and other external vendors. 
 
You must advertise and promote the hotel and related facilities and services on a local and 
regional basis as we specify in the Manual, in a first -class, dignified manner, using our identity 
and graphics standards for all System Hotels, at your cost and ex pense. You must submit to us 
samples of all advertising and promotional materials that we have not previously approved 
(including any materials in digital, electronic, or computerized form, or in any form of media that 
exists now or is developed in the future) before you produce or distribute them. You may not begin 
using the materials until we approve them. You must immediately discontinue your use of any 
advertising or promotional material that we reasonably believe is not in the best interest of your 
Hotel or the System, even if we previously approved the materials. Any advertising or promotional 
materials, or sales or marketing concepts, you develop for your Hotel that we approve may be 
used by other hotels in the System without any compensation to you. (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 5.1.7).  
 
You may not engage, directly or indirectly, in any cross -marketing or cross -promotion of your 
Hotel with any other hotel, motel or related business without our prior written consent, except for 
System Hotels and Network Hotels. You also may not utilize a list of customers (whether acquired 
before or during the term of your franchise) without our prior approval. The term ΓÇ£System HotelsΓÇ¥ 
means hotels operating under the System using the Brand name and the Standards.  The term 
ΓÇ£NetworkΓÇ¥ means the elements, inc luding know -how, that we or our Affiliates designate to 
distinguish the hotels, inns, conference centers, timeshare or residential properties and other 
hospitality-related businesses that Hilton Worldwide and its subsidiaries own, control, license, 
lease, operate or manage now or in the future.  The term ΓÇ£Network HotelΓÇ¥ means any hotel, inn, 
conference center, timeshare or residential property or other hospitality -related business within 
the Network.   
 
You must refer guests and customers, wherever reasonably possible, only to System Hotels and 
(if and as we direct) Network Hotels. However, we can require you to participate in programs 
designed to refer prospective customers to other hotels, whether in the System or otherwise. You 
must also display all material, including brochures and promotional material we provide to System 
Hotels and Network Hotels; and allow advertising and promotion only of System Hotels and 
Network Hotels on your Hotel premises (Franchise Agreement, Paragraph 5.1.13). 
 

   64     2026 US CURIO 
We may suggest room rates and pricing policies to the extent allowed by law. You will determine 
the room rates and the prices of the services and amenities that you offer to guests, except that 
we may establish maximum rates and prices for marketing and pr omotions if permitted by law.  
For the efficiency and consistency of our distribution programs, and to enable us to operate certain 
marketing and promotions (such as our Price Match Guarantee), we may also require that the 
rates and prices you advertise through certain distribution channels be the same as or better than 
the rates and prices you advertise through other distribution channels as permitted by law. 
 
We may occasionally convene an advisory council to consult with us on advertising policies and 
marketing programs. Currently we have no such council. If we convene a council, it may consist 
of franchisees together with representatives of our company -managed hotels and company 
employees. We may select franchisees for the council by their hotel type, geographic location, 
being in good standing and demonstrating leadership in the System, or other considerations we 
deem relevant. The council would serve only in  an advisory capacity and would not have 
operational or decision-making power. We may change or dissolve any advisory council in our 
discretion.   
 
We may occasionally create marketing programs for specific promotional purposes that include 
only certain hotels. These programs may focus on a geographic location, particular types of 
hotels, or other criteria. For example, we may develop a marketing campaign that promotes hotels 
in a specific tourist destination. For these programs, we decide which hotels to include and the 
nature and method of the marketing under our general marketing policies and practices for 
System Hotels. If your Hotel is selected fo r such a program, your participation may be required 
but there would be no fee for participating. As described in Item 8, we may also occasionally 
develop promotional programs with other companies that feature those companiesΓÇÖ branded 
products or services used or offered by our System Hotels. We may require or permit your Hotel 
to participate in those promotional programs in accordance with the Standards.  
 
We may also occasionally provide marketing programs in which your participation is voluntary. 
Participating hotels normally bear their proportionate costs of participation. We have periodically 
matched or supplemented the amounts paid by participating fran chisees, when, in our opinion, 
the marketing effort supports our broader (national or global) marketing objectives for the System 
or Network. 
 
We may enter into certain types of distribution, marketing, and/or loyalty relationships (ΓÇ£Strategic 
PartnershipsΓÇ¥) with third-party companies or vendors (ΓÇ£Strategic PartnersΓÇ¥) under which guests 
can make reservations and purchases through our Reservation Service and distribution system, 
and Hilton Honors members may receive benefits at such businesses. We currently have 
Strategic Partnerships in place with Small Luxury Hotels of the World LTD (SLH), Prospect Hotel 
Management, LLC (Autocamp) , LWP Cypress PM  LLC (Evermore Resort) , and MSC Group 
(Explora Journeys cruises). We may enter into additional Strategic Partnerships in the future. See 
Item 12 for details.  
 
You are not required to participate in any marketing cooperative. We may occasionally develop 
local marketing programs that operate like cooperatives in that they may consist of a group of 
franchisees that pool their resources and actively work together on  local marketing efforts. 
However, these cooperatives are not legal entities and do not operate from written governing 
documents. These cooperatives need not prepare annual or periodic financial statements. We 
may help form this type of cooperative wheneve r a group of franchisees wish to get together. 
Participation is voluntary. The contributions to these cooperatives vary depending on the voluntary 
contributions of members. These cooperatives may be administered by us, by franchisees, or by 

   65     2026 US CURIO 
an advertising agency. If we participate in a cooperative, we can require it to be formed, changed, 
dissolved, or merged with another cooperative. We cannot guarantee that we will offer any 
cooperative marketing programs to franchisees in the future. Any plan that we offer in the future 
may differ from the plans we offered to franchisees in past years. 
 
We will use your Monthly Program Fee to pay for various programs to benefit the System and/or 
the Network, including advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, market research, and 
other marketing programs; developing and maintaining Brand direct ories and internet sites; 
developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems and support; certain quality 
assurance programs; certain technology programs; and administrative costs and overhead 
related to the administration or direction of these pro jects and programs. We have the sole right 
to determine how and when we spend these funds, including sole control over the creative 
concepts, materials and media used in the programs, the placement and allocation of advertising 
and the selection of promoti onal programs. We may enter into arrangements for development, 
marketing, operations, administrative, technical and support functions, facilities, programs, 
services and/or personnel with any other entity, including any affiliates.  Monthly Program Fees 
are intended for the benefit of the System and the Network, and will not be used to promote or 
benefit any one property or market. Occasionally, however, Monthly Program Fees may be used 
for a property or market-specific initiative if we determine it has a strategic value to the System or 
Network overall. We will have no obligation in administering any activities paid by the Monthly 
Program Fee to make expenditures for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your payments, 
or to ensure that your Hotel benefits directly or proportionately from such expenditures. We may 
create any programs, and allocate monies derived from Monthly Program Fees to any regions or 
localities as we consider appropriate in our sole judgment. The aggregate of Monthly Program 
Fees paid to us by franchisees does not constitute a trust or "advertising fund" and we are not a 
fiduciary with respect to the Monthly Program Fees paid by you and other franchisees. We are 
not obligated to expend funds in excess of the amounts received from franchisees. If any interest 
is earned on unused Monthly Program Fees, we will use the interest before using the principal. 
The Monthly Program Fee does not cover your costs of participating in any optional marketing 
programs and promotions periodically off ered by us or our affiliates in which you voluntarily 
choose to participate. These fees also do not cover the cost of operating your Hotel in accordance 
with the standards in the Manual. (Franchise Agreement, Section 4.4). 
 
The Monthly Program Fee is not used to directly support any Restaurant Brands. We also do not 
operate any type of advertising fund for any Restaurant Brands. We are not required to engage 
in or maintain any particular advertising program for the Restaurant Brands. Most advertising is 
done in connection with our System or Network Hotels and is placed on the internet, as well as in 
traditional media (such as TV, radio, newspaper, magazine, and direct email), generally with 
national coverage. The source of our  advertising is our in -house marketing department, 
advertising agencies, and other external vendors. You must advertise and promote your 
Restaurant Brands food and beverage outlet as we specify in the Manual, in a first-class, dignified 
manner, using our identity and graphics standards, at your expense. 
 
Web Sites 
 
You may not register, own, or maintain any internet domain names, World Wide Web or other 
electronic communications sites, including mobile applications (each, a ΓÇ£SiteΓÇ¥ and collectively, 
"Sites"), relating to the Network, the System, or your Hotel, or that include the Marks. The only 
Sites, or Site contractors, that you may use for your Hotel are those assigned or approved by us. 
You must obtain our prior written approval of any third-party Site in which your Hotel will be listed, 
any proposed link s between the Site and any other Sites ("Linked Sites"), and any proposed 

   66     2026 US CURIO 
modifications to all Sites and Linked Sites. All Sites containing any of the Marks and any Linked 
Sites must advertise, promote, and reflect on your Hotel and the System in a first-class, dignified 
manner. Our right to approve all materials is necessitated  by the fact that those materials will 
include and be inextricably linked with the Marks. Any use of the Marks on the internet and any 
other computer network or electronic distribution system, including mobile applications, must 
conform to our requirements, including the content, identity, and graphics standards for all System 
Hotels. Given the changing nature of computer and communications technology, we have the 
right to withhold our approval, withdraw any prior approval, and to modify our requirements at any 
time.  
 
You may not (without a legal license or other legal right) post on your Sites or disseminate in any 
form any material in which any third party has any direct or indirect ownership interest, including 
video clips, photographs, sound bites, copyrighted text, trademarks or service marks, or any other 
text or image in which any third party may claim intellectual property ownership interests. You 
must incorporate on your Sites any other information we require in the manner we consider 
necessary to protect our Marks. 
 
When your Franchise Agreement expires or terminates  (including any applicable Restaurant 
Brand or eforea spa Amendment), you must irrevocably assign and transfer to us or our designee 
all of your right, title and interest in any domain name listings and registrations that contain any 
references to our Marks, System or Brand, notify the applicable domain name registrars of the 
termination of your right to use any domain name or Sites associated with the Marks or the Brand, 
and authorize and instruct the cancellation or transfer of the domain name to us or our designee, 
as directed by us. You must also delete all references to our Marks or brands from any other Sites 
you own, maintain or operate after the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
(Franchise Agreement, Section 9.5). 
 
Advance Purchase Program 
 
HiltonΓÇÖs Advance Purchase Program provides guests with the ability to pay for hotel reservations 
in advance in exchange for receiving a discounted room rate.   You may but are not required to 
participate in this optional program.  Currently, we charge a fee of 4.5% of the advance payments 
received (ΓÇ£Advance Purchase FeeΓÇ¥).  Guests typically make advance payments using their credit 
or debit cards.   In 2024, we rolled out an enhancement to this program that permits guests to 
make payments with certain third-party digital payment apps and online services such as Google 
Pay and Apple Pay. The third-party apps/payment providers may change over time.  If you choose 
to participate in the Advance Purchase Program you will be required to offer digital payments as 
an option to your guests. You must also open a merchant account and sign a Licensee Merchant 
Agreement with a third-party vendor called Adyen N.V. (ΓÇ£AdyenΓÇ¥) and a Refund Authorization with 
us.  Adyen provides electronic payment processing services for this program.  Currently, you do 
not have to pay any additional fees to us or to Adyen to enroll in the digital payments option and 
the Advance Purchase Fee will be waived . However, Adyen may charge certain transaction, 
processing, or service fees that apply to your account. If you wish to participate in the Advance 
Purchase Program, we will provide complete details on request. We may modify this program and 
make this program or some of its components mandatory in the future. 
      
Time Frame for Opening the Hotel  
 
For New Development, you must start construction at your Hotel within 16 months from the date 
we approve your Application. You then must complete construction, receive our authorization for 
opening, and open your Hotel within 36 months from the date we approve your Application.  

   67     2026 US CURIO 
In Conversion, Re-licensing, or Change of Ownership situations, you must upgrade the property 
to meet our standards.  We will establish a deadline by which you must begin work on a project-
by-project basis.  Generally, you must complete the requisite upgrades for Change of Ownership 
situations within the timeframe we establish in the PIP.  In Conversion situations, we determine 
the commencement and completion deadlines according to your PIP. We determine the deadlines 
for beginning and completing work for room additions on a project-by-project basis.  
If you operate an eforea spa, you must open the spa by the date we specify, which will generally 
be within 12 months after the date you sign the Spa Amendment.  If you operate a food and 
beverage outlet under a Restaurant Brand, you must open the food and beverage outlet  at the 
opening of your Hotel, or otherwise on a date that we specify, which will generally be within 12 
months after you sign the Restaurant Brand Addendum. 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
We grant franchisees a non-exclusive license to use the System during the term of the Franchise 
Agreement to operate a franchised hotel at a specified location. There are no provisions in the 
standard Franchise Agreement granting franchisees a protected ar ea or territory. You will not 
receive an exclusive territory.  
 
If you operate a food and beverage outlet utilizing a Restaurant Brand, you will receive a non -
exclusive license to use the applicable Restaurant Brand and system during the term of the 
Restaurant Brand Amendment at a specified location. There are no provisions in the Restaurant 
Brand Amendment granting franchisees a protected area or territory. You will not receive an 
exclusive territory for your Restaurant Brand food and beverage outlet. 
 
You may face competition from other franchisees, from hotels that our affiliates own, or from other 
channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. The standard Franchise Agreement 
permits us to own, operate, manage, franchise, license, lea se, or affiliate or associate with any 
Other Business of any nature, whether in the lodging or hospitality industry or not, and whether 
under the Brand, a competitive brand, or otherwise, at any time and in any location. We and our 
affiliates have the right to engage in any Other Businesses, even if they compete with your Hotel, 
the Brand, System Hotels, or Network Hotels, and whether we or our affiliates start those 
businesses, or purchase, merge with, acquire, are acquired by, come under common ownership 
with, affiliate or associate with, such Other Businesses.   
 
We may also: (a) modify the System by adding, altering, or deleting elements of the System; (b) 
use or license to others all or part of the System; (c) use the facilities, programs, services and/or 
personnel used in connection with the System in Other Businesses; and (d) use the System, the 
Brand, and the Marks in the Other Businesses. You acknowledge and agree that you have no 
rights to, and will not make any claims or demands for, damages or other relief arising from or 
related to any of the foregoing activities, and you acknowledge and agree that such activities will 
not give rise to any liability on our part, including, but not limited to, liability for claims for unfair 
competition, breach of contract, breach of any applicable implied covenant of good f aith and fair 
dealing, or divided loyalty. ΓÇ£Other BusinessesΓÇ¥ means any business activity we or our affiliates 
engage in, other than the licensing of your Hotel.   
We may, however, agree to give franchisees certain specific territorial restrictions (ΓÇ£Restricted 
Area ProvisionΓÇ¥) for an area surrounding the franchised hotel and encompassing the immediate 
competitive market for the hotel as may be agreed on by the parti es (ΓÇ£Restricted AreaΓÇ¥).  If we 
agree to give you a Restricted Area Provision for your New Development or Conversion, it will 

   68     2026 US CURIO 
normally be for an agreed -on time period, which is shorter than the term of the Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£Restrictive PeriodΓÇ¥).  We will not normally grant a Restricted Area Provision for a 
Change of Ownership or Re-licensing, although we will occasionally do so under certain unique 
circumstances.   
The following discussion applies where we agree to give you a Restricted Area Provision in your 
Franchise Agreement: 
1. Restricted Area.  The boundaries of the Restricted Area will normally depend on the 
relevant market in the immediate area and competitive circumstances in the relevant 
market when you sign the Franchise Agreement .  The boundaries will vary in size and 
shape from hotel to hotel .  Boundaries are not delineated according to any standard 
formula, but may be delineated in various ways, including references to cities, metropolitan 
areas, counties or other political subdivisions, references to streets or highways,  or 
references to an area encompassed within a radius of specified distance from the front 
door of the hotel.  
2. Restricted Area Provision.  The Restricted Area Provision will typically restrict us and 
our affiliates from operating, or authorizing someone else to operate, another Brand hotel 
during the Restrictive Period and within the Restricted Area (except as described in 
Paragraph 3 below).  In the Restricted Area Provision, the term ΓÇÿBrandΓÇÖ means the name 
used to identify the chain of hotels operated under the same Chain Code and Standards.  
It excludes any other brands or product lines containing ΓÇ£CurioΓÇ¥ in the name .  It also 
excludes Hilton Worldwide  Holdings Inc. , its affiliates, and other chains of hotels that 
include the word "Hilton" as part of their brand name (such as "Hilton Garden Inn," 
"DoubleTree by Hilton" or "Homewood Suites by Hilton"). 
3. Exclusions from the Restricted Area Provision : The Restricted Area Provision will 
generally not apply to: (a) any hotel or motel that is currently open or under construction 
or has been approved for development or opening as a Brand hotel as of the Effective 
Date, or any hotel located or to be located within the Restricted Area that replaces such 
hotel under the Brand; (b) hotels or motels under brands other than the Brand; (c)  hotels 
or motels that will not begin operating under the Brand until after th e expiration of the 
Restrictive Period; (d) gaming-oriented hotels or facilities using the Brand; (e)  shared 
ownership properties (commonly known as ΓÇ£vacation ownershipΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£time share 
ownershipΓÇ¥ or similar real estate properties) under the Brand; and (f) any hotels, motels, 
or inns that are part of a chain or group of four (4) or more hotels, motels, or inns that we 
or our Affiliates, as a result of a single transaction or group of related transactions, own, 
operate, acquire, lease, manage, franchise, license, or join through a merger, acquisition 
or marketing agreement (or otherwise), whether under their existing name or the Brand 
name or any other name. 
4. Restrictive Period.  The Restrictive Period will normally be for an agreed-on time period.  
Generally, this period will be shorter than the term of the Franchise Agreement, usually 
tied to a specified number of years from the date your Franchise Application was 
approved.  In some cases, the Restrictive Period may reduce in geographic scope after 
an agreed-on time period.  The continuation of the Restrictive Period will not depend on 
your achieving any particular sales volume or market penetration .  An in crease in 
population in the Restricted Area will not affect it and there are no other circumstances 
when your Restricted Area may be altered.  Historically, we have extended the Restrictive 
Period for the full term of the Franchise Agreement; however, we do not intend to do so in 

   69     2026 US CURIO 
the future.  Those restrictions as to entities other than us may lapse if the Brand is no 
longer affiliated with Hilton Worldwide. 
 
IMPORTANT NOTES: A Restricted Area Provision will not give you protection from previously 
existing hotels which are managed or licensed by us or an affiliate or our or their predecessors, 
or any hotel site for which we or an affiliate or its predecessor have approved an application and/or 
signed a franchise agreement, management agreement, lease or license agreement for a System 
Hotel to be developed.  In addition, a Restricted Area Provision will not give you protection from 
any replacement hotel that replaces or will replace another such existing hotel or hotel site.  SOME 
STATE AND/OR OTHER LAWS PROVID E THAT TERRITORIAL AND/OR AREA 
RESTRICTIONS ARE VOID, VOIDABLE AND/OR SUPERSEDED BY LAW. 
There may currently be franchised or company -owned Network Hotels situated in or near your 
area.  We, Hilton Worldwide and our affiliates or subsidiaries may establish new franchised, 
company-owned, or company-managed Network Hotels in or near your area.  
You may compete with any Network Hotels in and near your area .  There is no mechanism for 
resolving any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and Network Hotels.  Any resolution of 
conflicts regarding location, customers, support or services will be entirely within the business 
judgment of Hilton Worldwide and us. 
We may enter into certain types of distribution, marketing, and/or loyalty relationships (ΓÇ£Strategic 
PartnershipsΓÇ¥) with third-party companies or vendors (ΓÇ£Strategic PartnersΓÇ¥) under which guests 
can make reservations and purchases through our Reservation Service and distribution system, 
and Hilton Honors members may receive benefits at such businesses.   These Strategic 
Partnerships are ΓÇ£Other BusinessesΓÇ¥ under the Franchise Agreement. Strategic Partners are not 
Hilton Worldwide Brands.   Strategic Partners are not our corporate affiliates, and do not offer 
franchises or management agreements for any of the Hilton Worldwide Brands.  We may enter 
into, terminate, or modify any Strategic Partnership anywhere, at any time, in our 
discretion.  Strategic PartnersΓÇÖ businesses may be located in and near your area, including within 
your Restricted Area (if any).  Your Hotel may compete with any hotels, motels, inns, campsites, 
other lodging facilities or accommodations, as well as any tours, excursions, or other custo mer 
experiences, products, or services offered by our Strategic Partners or through any of our 
Strategic Partnerships anywhere, at any time, other than as provided in your Restricted Area 
Provision (if any). 
See Item 1 for a description of the hotel brands licensed, operated and managed by, or otherwise 
affiliated with Hilton Worldwide. You may compete with these guest lodging properties. 
We and our affiliates engage in a wide range of business activities in lodging, hospitality, and 
related services, both directly and through the activities of our and their parents and affiliates. 
Some of these activities may be competitive with your Hotel , the System, System Hotels, the 
Network, and Network Hotels. We and our affiliates may own, operate, manage, franchise, 
license, lease, affiliate or associate with, acquire or establish, or serve as franchisee or licensee 
for, competitive guest lodging businesses or any other businesses or networks anywhere, at any 
time, including within your Restricted Area, under any brands or marks (provided that your 
Restricted Area protections, if any, will be observed). We and/or our affiliates may also furnish 
services, products, advice, and support to competitive guest lodging businesses or any other 
businesses, facilities, networks, properties or concepts located anywhere, at any time, including 
in your Restricted Area, in any manner we or our affiliates determine.  We or any of our affiliates 
may be sold to or otherwise acquired by an existing competitor or newly formed entity which itself 

   70     2026 US CURIO 
has established or may establish competitive guest lodging businesses or any other businesses 
located anywhere, at any time (provided that your Restricted Area protections, if any, will be 
observed). Further, we and/or our affiliates may purchase, merge, acquire, or affiliate in any other 
way with any franchised or non -franchised network or chain of guest lodging businesses or any 
other business regardless of the location of that business, network, chain, or other businessΓÇÖs 
facilities, including within you r Restricted Area, and that following such activity we may own, 
operate, manage, franchise, license, or lease those other facilities under any brands or marks 
anywhere, at any time, regardless of the location of those businesses or facilities (provided tha t 
your Restricted Area protections, if any, will be observed). There is no mechanism for resolving 
any conflicts that may arise between your Hotel and other hotels or businesses described in this 
paragraph.  
You may not register, own or maintain any Sites relating to the Network or your Hotel or including 
the Marks. The only domain names, Sites, or Site contractors that you may use relating to your 
Hotel or the Franchise Agreement are those we assign or otherwise approve in writing.  You must 
obtain our advance written approval for any third-party Site in which your Hotel will be listed, and 
any proposed links between the third -party Site and any Linked Sites and any proposed 
modifications to all Sites and Linked Sites .  See Item 11 for further information concerning our 
Web Site requirements and limitations. The Franchise Agreement does not otherwise limit the 
channels through which you may solicit customers for your Hotel. 
We do not permit the relocation of franchise d hotels. You have no options, rights of first refusal 
or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
Trademark Use: Your Rights 
 
We grant you a limited, nonexclusive right to use our System in the operation of a hotel at a 
specified location under the  trademark ΓÇ£ CurioΓÇ¥ (ΓÇ£Principal MarkΓÇ¥) .  As used in the Franchise 
Agreement and this Disclosure Document, the System includes the Marks.  The Marks include 
the Principal Mark and all other service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, insignia, emblems, 
symbols, and designs (whether registered or unregistered), slogans, distinguishing 
characteristics, trade names, domain names, and all other marks or characteristics associated or 
used with or in connection with the System, and similar intellectual property rights, that we 
designate to be used in the System. If you open an eforea b randed spa and sign the Spa 
Amendment, the Marks will include the eforea trademarks and service marks during the term of 
the Spa Amendment. If you open a food and beverage outlet  at your Hotel utilizing one of the 
Restaurant Brands and sign the Restaurant Brands Amendment, the Marks will include the 
applicable Restaurant Brand trademarks shown on Exhibit J-2. 
 
Our affiliate, HIH, holds the rights to the Marks, including the following trademarks and service 
marks, which are registered on the United States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
Mark Registration 
Number Registration Date 
HILTON (word) 2478190 August 14, 2001 
EFOREA 3952726 April 26, 2011 
EFOREA butterfly design (design) 3952727 April 26, 2011 
 

   71     2026 US CURIO 
Our affiliate, Hilton International Holding USA Corporation, a Delaware corporation (ΓÇ£HIH USAΓÇ¥), 
holds the rights to the following trademarks and service marks, which are registered on the United 
States Patent and Trademark Office Principal Register: 
 
Mark Registration 
Number Registration Date 
CURIO 5100741 December 13, 2016 
 
For a complete list of the Restaurant Brands trademarks, see Exhibit J-2.  
 
We entered into a license agreement with HIH and HIHUSA (collectively, ΓÇ£ Trademark OwnerΓÇ¥) 
which grants us the right to use the Marks in connection with the System in the US.  The term of 
the license agreement between us and Trademark Owner continues indefinitely so long as each 
party continues to be an affiliate of Hilton Worldwide. Trademark Owner has certain enforcement 
rights if we default under the license agreement, including the right to terminate the license 
agreement if we fail to cure a default within the time period specified in the license agreement . 
These enforcement rights or any other rights of Trademark Owner  to terminate the license 
agreement will not affect your right to use the Marks licensed to you under the Franchise 
Agreement as long as you are in good standing under the Franchise Agreement (and, in the case 
of the eforea trademarks and the Restaurant Brands trademarks, as long as the Spa Amendment 
or the Restaurant Brands Amendment is in effect, respectively).   
 
In the future, Trademark Owner may transfer the Marks or licenses related to the Marks to other 
affiliates in connection with changes to Hilton WorldwideΓÇÖs subsidiaries or for administrative 
purposes periodically. If that occurs, we will continue to have a  license to use the Marks in 
connection with the System in our franchise business, and your license to use the Marks will not 
be disturbed. The Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other marks 
owned by our affiliates. 
You may use the Marks only in connection with the System and only in the manner we designate, 
as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards. We may designate additional Marks, 
change the way Marks are depicted, or withdraw Marks from use at any time. We will not withdraw 
the Principal Mark . We may limit what Marks each Brand of hotel may use. Your Hotel will be 
initially known by the trade name set forth in the Addendum (ΓÇ£Trade NameΓÇ¥). We may change the 
Trade Name at any time, but we will not change the Principal Mark . You may not change the 
Trade Name without our specific written consent. 
Under the Franchise Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you are not acquiring the right 
to use any service marks, copyrights, trademarks, logos, designs, insignia, emblems, symbols, 
designs, slogans, distinguishing characteristics, trade names, domain names or other marks or 
characteristics owned by us or licensed to us that we do not specifically designate to be used in 
the System. 
Use of the Marks: Your Duties 
 
We have the right to control any administrative proceedings or litigation involving a Mark licensed 
by us to you . We will have the sole right and responsibility to handle disputes with third parties 
concerning use of the Marks or the System. The protection of the Marks and their distinguishing 
characteristics as standing for the System is important to all of us . For this reason, you must 
immediately notify us of any infringement of or challenge to your use of any of the Marks . You 
may not communicate with any other person regarding any such infringement, challenge or claim. 
We will take the action we consider appropriate with respect to such challenges and claims and 

   72     2026 US CURIO 
only we have the right to handle disputes concerning the Marks or the System . You must fully 
cooperate with us in these matters. Under the terms of the Franchise Agreement, you appoint us 
as your exclusive attorney-in-fact, to defend and/or settle all disputes of this type. You must sign 
any documents we believe are necessary to obtain protection for the Marks and the System and 
assign to us any claims you may have related to these matters. Our decision as to the prosecution, 
defense and settlement of the dispute will be final. All recoveries made as a result of disputes with 
third parties regarding the System or the Marks will be for our account.   
 
You must operate under and prominently display the Marks in your Hotel and eforea spa, and any 
Restaurant Brand, if applicable. You may not adopt any other brands in operating your Hotel, the 
eforea spa, or a Restaurant Brand  that we do not approve . You also may not  use any of the 
Marks, or the word ΓÇ£Curio,ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£Hilton,ΓÇ¥ or any similar word(s) or acronyms: (a) in your corporate, 
partnership, business or trade name; (b) any Internet -related name (including a domain name),; 
or (c) any business operated separate from your Hotel, including the name or identity of 
developments adjacent to or associated with your Hotel, without our prior written consent or as 
provided in the Franchise Agreement or the Manual . Any unauthorized use of the Marks will be 
an infringement of our rights and a material breach of the Franchise Agreement. You may not, 
and must ensure that your Affiliates do not, allow any Competitor to use Your Marks without our 
prior written approval.   
 
Agreements, Proceedings, Litigation and Infringing Uses 
 
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit our rights to use or license 
the use of these Marks in any material manner. There are no infringements actually known to us 
that could materially affect your use of the Marks. There are no effective determinations of the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office, the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board or the 
trademark administrator of any state or any court in the United States involving our Marks. There 
is no pending material litigation or  pending infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings 
in the United States that could materially affect the use of our Principal Mark. All required affidavits 
and renewals have been filed.  
 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
Our license from Trademark Owner includes a license to all the intellectual property rights relating 
to the Brand (as well as eforea spa and/or a Restaurant Brand as applicable) in the US. You may 
use this intellectual property only in connection with the System and only in the manner we 
designate, as set out in the Franchise Agreement and the Standards. If applicable, you may use 
the intellectual property related to the eforea Brand only so long as you are operating an eforea 
spa. If applicable, you may us e the intellectual property related to a licensed Restaurant Brand 
only so long as you are operating the food and beverage outlet that we have approved to utilize 
that Restaurant Brand. The Franchise Agreement does not grant you the right to use any other 
intellectual property owned by any of our affiliates. 
Neither we nor Trademark Owner own any rights in or licenses to any patents or registered 
copyrights nor have any pending patent applications material to our franchise business . The 
proprietary information of Trademark Owner, which has been licensed to us, consists of the 
Manual and all other information or materials concerning the methods, techniques, plans, 
specifications, procedures, information, systems and knowledge of and ex perience in the 
development, operation, marketing and licensing of the System (ΓÇ£Proprietary InformationΓÇ¥). You 
must treat the Proprietary Information as confidential . You must adopt and implement all 

   73     2026 US CURIO 
reasonable procedures we may periodically establish to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure 
of the Proprietary Information, including restrictions on disclosure to your employees and the use 
of non-disclosure and non-competition clauses in agreements with your employees, agents and 
independent contractors who have access to the Proprietary Information.  
The Standards, as compiled in the Manual or set out in the Franchise Agreement or otherwise, 
set forth  our requirements and recommended practices and procedures regarding the 
specifications, requirements, criteria, and policies for design, construction, renovation, 
refurbishment, appearance, equipping, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining , 
marketing, services, service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotel operations and 
for hotel identification, advertising and accounting . Although neither we, nor Trademark Owner, 
nor any predecessor of either of us, have filed an application for a copyright registration for the 
Manual, we and Trademark Owner claim copyrights and the information is proprietary. You must 
comply with our requirements concerning confidentiality of the Manual . You may not copy or 
distribute any part of the Manual to anyone who is not affiliated with the System . You must 
promptly notify us, in writing, when you learn of any unauthorized use of our Proprietary 
Information. We will respond as we think appropriate . We are not, however, obligated to 
participate in your defense or indemnify you for damages or expenses if you are a party to a 
proceeding involving the copyright on the Manual. Items 11 and 15 of this Disclosure Document 
further describe the limitations on the use of the Manual by you and your employees. 
Although neither HIH nor any predecessor has filed an application for copyright registration for 
the Hilton OnQ software, which includes OnQ (formerly System 21) and other Hilton systems 
(namely the Revenue and Customer Relationship Management Systems), HIH claims copyrights 
and the information is Proprietary Information. You may not copy or distribute any of the OnQ 
software, and you must notify us of any unauthorized use of the OnQ software or any other Hilton 
systems.  
There are no agreements currently in effect which significantly limit your right to use any of 
Trademark OwnerΓÇÖs claimed copyrighted materials . Also, there are no currently effective 
determinations of the US Patent and Trademark Office, Copyright Office (Library of Congress) or 
any court pertaining to or affecting any of the claimed copyrights discussed above. Finally, as of 
the issuance date of this Disclosure Document, neither we nor Trademark Owner are aware of 
any infringing uses of or superior prior ri ghts to any of their claimed copyrights which could 
materially affect your use of them. 
If it becomes advisable at any time in our sole discretion to modify or discontinue the use of any 
current or future copyright and/or the use of one or more additional or substitute copyrights, you 
must comply with our instructions. We are not obligated to reimburse you for any costs, expenses 
or damages. 
Although the copyrights described above are claimed by Trademark Owner, as applicable, the 
copyrights may be transferred to another affiliate for administrative purposes periodically, and we 
will continue to have a license to use them in connection with the System in our franchise 
business. 
Your and our obligations to protect your rights to use our copyrights are the same as the 
obligations for the Marks described in Item 13 of this Disclosure Document. 
All information that we provide to you, including but not limited to Personal Information, for your 
use in connection with operating the Hotel during the Term is our property. You may not use any 

   74     2026 US CURIO 
such information after the Term, except as expressly permitted by us in writing in the Standards 
or otherwise.  All information we obtain from you or about your Hotel or its guests or prospective 
guests under the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement (including agreements relating 
to the computerized reservation, revenue management, property management, and other 
system(s) we provide or require), or otherwise related to your Hotel (ΓÇ£InformationΓÇ¥), and all 
revenues we derive from the Information will also be our property  (except for Information you 
provide with respect to yourself and any affiliates, including your or your affiliatesΓÇÖ respective 
officers, directors, shareholders, partners or members), which we may use for any reason as we 
consider necessary or appropriate, in our judgment , including making financial performance 
representations in our Franchise Disclosure Documents. At your own risk you may use 
Information that you acquire from third parties in operating your Hotel, such as customer data (but 
not including any such information obtained in connection with guest reservations or any loyalty 
or frequent guest program operated by us or our Affiliates) , at any time during or after the Term 
to the extent lawful and, but only in connection with operating your Hotel.  
You must abide by all applicable laws pertaining to the privacy and security of personal 
information, including, without limitation, local, regional and national requirements applicable to 
your Hotel (ΓÇ£Privacy LawsΓÇ¥). In addition, you must comply with our standards and policies 
pertaining to the privacy and security of personal information, customer relationships and Privacy 
Laws. 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE  
IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
You must provide qualified and experienced management for the operation of your Hotel. To fulfill 
this responsibility, your Hotel must be operated either by you or a third -party management 
company (ΓÇ£Management CompanyΓÇ¥) that we have approved. No other pers on or entity may 
operate the Hotel.   
We will only grant approval when we consider you or your proposed Management Company to 
be qualified to manage the Hotel.  We may refuse to approve you or any proposed Management 
Company that, in our reasonable business judgment, is inexperienced or unqual ified in 
managerial skills or operating capacity or capability, or is unable to adhere fully to the obligations 
and requirements of the Franchise Agreement.  
If you wish to manage your Hotel directly, you must have our prior written approval and 
successfully complete our training program, unless we waive this requirement.  If we determine 
that you are not qualified to operate the Hotel, at any time, we may requ ire you to retain a 
Management Company that is acceptable to us to manage the Hotel.  
If you wish to hire or are required to hire a Management Company to manage your Hotel, you 
must obtain our prior written approval.  Your Management Company must have the authority to 
perform all of your obligations under the Franchise Agreement, including all indemnity and 
insurance obligations. After we approve the Management Company, we can require the general 
manager and other personnel, such as the director of sales, to attend training programs that 
pertain to the operational functions of the Hotel rela ted to those roles as are necessary to meet 
our Brand Standards. If your Management Company resigns or is terminated by you, or otherwise 
becomes unsuitable or unqualified to operate the Hotel as determined by us, in our sole judgment, 
you must retain a new Management Company that is acceptable to us within 90 days.    

   75     2026 US CURIO 
You are solely responsible for the management and operation of your Hotel at all times, regardless 
of whether you are an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other entity.  
Your engagement of a Management Company does not redu ce your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement.  We may communicate directly with your managers and Management 
Company, and we have the right to rely on their communications to us as being made on your 
behalf.   
We will not require you or your Management Company to sign an agreement not to compete with 
us after the Franchise Agreement terminates or expires. However, you may not engage, directly 
or indirectly, in any cross-marketing or cross-promotion of your Hotel with any other hotel, motel 
or related business without our prior written consent, except for System Hotels or Network Hotels. 
You and your Management Company must not copy or disclose any confidential or proprietary 
materials without our prior written consent. 
 
If you operate a food and beverage outlet utilizing a Restaurant Brand in your Hotel, each of the 
rights and obligations described in this Item 15 concerning the management of your Hotel and the 
use of a Management Company at your Hotel also apply to your Restaurant Brand outlet as part 
of the Hotel. 
In addition, you may not be a Competitor (defined below) and we reserve the right to not approve 
a Competitor, or any entity that is the exclusive manager for a Competitor through itself or an 
affiliate, to manage your Hotel. If your Management Company becomes a Competitor, you will 
have 90 days to retain a qualifie d substitute Management Company that we approve. You may 
not, and must ensure that your Affiliates do not, allow any Competitor to use Your Marks without 
our prior written approval.   
 
A "Competitor" means any individual or entity that at any time during the Term, whether directly 
or through an affiliate, owns in whole or in part, or is the licensor or franchisor of, a Competing 
Brand, irrespective of the number of hotels owned, licensed or franchised by the Competitor under 
such Competing Brand. A Competitor does not include an individual or entity that: (i) is a 
franchisee of a Competing Brand; (ii) manages a Competing Brand hotel, so long as the individual 
or entity is not the exclusive manager of the Competing Brand; or (iii) owns a minority interest in 
a Competing Brand, so long as neither that individual or entity nor any of its affiliates is an officer, 
director, or employee of the Competing Brand, or exercises, or has the right to exercise, control 
over the business decisions of the Competing Brand. A ΓÇ£Competing BrandΓÇ¥ means a hotel brand 
or trade name that, in our sole business judgment, competes with the System or any Network 
Hotel. 
 
After a review of the financial information submitted with your Application and the proposed 
ownership of the Hotel and real property, we determine guaranty requirements. Each required 
guarantor, who may include the spouse of an owner of the Hotel or the f ranchisee, must sign a 
Guaranty, by which the guarantor assumes and agrees to discharge certain of the Franchisee's 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement. In addition, we may require you to provide a Guaranty 
from a third party acceptable to us as a condition to our issuing a lender comfort letter for a loan 
related to the Hotel or as a condition to our consent to certain kinds of loans you or your principals 
may obtain. Such loans may include those in which the Hotel loan will be cross -collateralized 
and/or cross-defaulted with loans to other hotels or loans secured by the Hotel that are not for the 
direct benefit of the Hotel.  If we send you a written notice of default, we may also require you to 
provide a Guaranty from a third party acceptable to us covering all of your obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement. A copy of the Guaranty is attached as Exhibit E. 

   76     2026 US CURIO 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
We do not impose any restrictions as to the customers to whom you may sell goods or services.  
In general, you must comply with our requirements as to the types and levels of services, 
amenities and products that must or may be used, promoted or offered at or in connection with 
the hotel.  You must comply with our requirements regarding supplies, including our specifications 
for all supplies and our policies regarding suppliers from whom you purchase supplies.  High 
standards are the essence of the System we license to you. 
You must operate the hotel 24 hours a day every day, except as we may otherwise permit based 
on special circumstances.  If you are operating an eforea spa, you must comply with the minimum 
hours of operation for the spa that we may specify. You must operate, furnish, maintain and equip 
the Hotel, any eforea spa, and any food and beverage outlet  in the Hotel, in a clean, safe and 
orderly manner and in first-class condition under the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and 
the Standards, and in compliance with all applicable local, state, and federal laws, customs and 
regulations, including maintaining and conducting your business using sound business and 
financial practices.  You must adopt, use and comply with the Standards, and keep your Manual 
current at all times .  You must also provide efficient, courteous and high -quality service to the 
public.  
You may not make any change in the number of approved guest rooms or suites set forth in the 
Addendum to your Franchise Agreement or any other significant change (including major changes 
in structure, design or decor) in the hotel without our prior written approval .  You may not offer 
products or services unless and until they have been approved by us .  Minor redecoration and 
minor structural changes that comply with our standards and specifications will not be considered 
significant. 
We may require your Hotel to offer products, services, and amenities such as restaurants, 
lounges, recreational facilities (swimming pool, whirlpool, exercise room, sauna, etc.), meeting 
and function space, gift shops and other concessions, parking facilit ies, guest laundry, and 
housekeeping services. As described in Item 8, we may develop promotional programs with third-
party companies that feature those companiesΓÇÖ branded products or services, and we may require 
or permit your Hotel to participate in those promotional programs.  We may also require or permit 
your Hotel to accept guests with pets, and provide amenities, products, or services related to 
those pets. The types and quality of the products, services, and amenities that your Hotel offers, 
and any related charges that you assess guests, must comply with our Standards.  
We may periodically require you to modernize, rehabilitate and/or upgrade the hotel's furniture, 
furnishings, fixtures, finishes, equipment, fittings,  signs, computer hardware and software and 
related equipment, supplies and other items to meet the then current standards and specifications 
specified in the Manual .  These standards will benefit the System as a whole .  You must make 
these changes at your sole cost and expense.  You must also maintain acceptable product quality 
ratings at the hotel and maintai n the hotel in accordance with the Standards .  We may make 
limited exceptions from some of those standards based on local conditions or special 
circumstances, but we are not required to do so.  
There is no limit on our right to make changes to the System .  We make changes to the System 
based on our assessment of the long-term best interests of hotels using the System, considering 
the interest of the System overall.  You must comply with all changes we adopt.  We may require 
that you purchase particular models or brands of merchandise for resale to be sold from the hotel 
from us or from a source we designate.  

   77     2026 US CURIO 
You must participate in and use the Reservation Service, including any additions, enhancements, 
supplements or variants which we or our affiliates develop or adopt.  You must honor and give 
first priority on available rooms to all confirmed reservations referred to your Hotel through the 
Reservation Service.  The Reservation Service is the only reservation service or system you may 
use for outgoing reservations referred by or from your Hotel to other hotels unless we designate 
other reservation services we or our affiliates designate.  
You must participate in, and pay all charges related to, all guest frequency programs we or Hilton 
require, including the Hilton Honors Worldwide guest reward programs or any successor 
programs.  You must also honor the terms of any discount or promotional programs (including 
any frequent guest program) that we or Hilton offers to the public on your behalf, any room rate 
quoted to any guest when the guest makes an advance reservation, and any award guest 
certificates issued to hotel guests participating in these programs. You may not charge any 
Mandatory Guest Fee without our consent, in accordance with the Standards  and subject to our 
requirements for granting such consent.   
We periodically adopt programs whereby our Systems and the systems of our affiliates, promote 
each other. Currently, under a program we refer to as ΓÇ£cross -selling,ΓÇ¥ if a customer calls our 
Reservations Service Center and we are unable to find suitable accommodations in any hotel in 
the System (and the customer would otherwise terminate the phone call), we will try to find 
suitable accommodations with System Hotels (or that of our affiliate). We may implement a 
common platform for the reservation programs of our various hotel systems, so that we can cross-
sell the hotels and other lodging properties and businesses across the Network. 
 
You may not conduct or permit gaming or casino operations in the hotel or on the hotel premises 
without our express written prior permission, which we may withhold at our sole discretion.  
Except as described in the following sentence, you may not conduct or permit the sale of 
timeshares, vacation ownership, fractional ownership, condominiums, or like schemes at or 
adjacent to your Hotel without our written permission, you may do so only as we permit and we 
may withhold permission at our sole discretion .  You may conduct timeshare or condominium 
sales or marketing at any property that you own or lease which is located adjacent to the hotel so 
long as you do not use any of the Marks in these sales efforts and you do not use the hotel or its 
facilities in these timeshare or condominium sales, marketing efforts or business operations.  
You may not share the business operations and your Hotel facilities with any other hotel, inn, 
conference center, lodging facility or similar business without our express permission, which we 
may withhold for any reason.  If we permit your Hotel to share facilities with another hotel in our 
Network (which is also franchised or managed by us or any of our Affiliates), then you must sign 
the Shared Facilities Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, shown in Exhibit D to this Disclosure 
Document. You are not allowed to engage in any tenant-in-common syndication or transfer of any 
tenant-in-common interest in the hotel or the hotel site, other than a Transfer that is otherwise a 
Permitted Transfer, without our express permission, which we may withhold for any reason.  If we 
permit you to share your business operation or engage in a tenant -in-common syndication or 
transfer, you must comply with any terms that we require as a condition to our approval. 
Restaurant Brands 
 
If you are operating a food and beverage outlet under a Restaurant Brand, you must offer and 
sell the type and quality of food products that we specify, and operate the outlet on the days and 

   78     2026 US CURIO 
for all required meal periods we may specify (breakfast, lunch, dinner, other) including up to all 
days and hours that the Hotel is required to be in operation. 
 
You must operate, furnish, maintain and equip your Restaurant Brand food and beverage outlet 
in a clean, safe and orderly manner and in first -class condition under the Franchise Agreement, 
the Standards, and the Restaurant Brand Guidelines, and in compliance with all applicable local, 
state, and federal laws, customs and regulations, including maintaining and conducting your 
business using sound business and financial practices. You must adopt, use and comply with the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines, and keep your Manual current at all times. You must also provide 
efficient, courteous and high-quality service to the public. 
 
You may not make any significant change (including major changes in structure, design or decor) 
in your food and beverage outlet without our prior written approval. You may not offer any new 
products or services from the outlet unless they have been approv ed by us. Minor redecoration 
and minor structural changes that comply with our standards and specifications will not be 
considered significant. We may periodically require you to modernize, rehabilitate and/or upgrade 
your Restaurant Brand fixtures, equipment, furnishings, furniture, signs, computer hardware and 
software and related equipment, supplies and other items to meet the then-current standards and 
specifications specified in the Manual. These standards are intended to benefit Restaurant Brand 
outlets as a whole. You must make these changes at your sole cost and expense. You must also 
maintain acceptable quality ratings for products and services and maintain your outlet in 
accordance with the Restaurant Brand Guidelines. We may make limited exception s from some 
of those standards based on local conditions or special circumstances, but we are not required to 
do so. There is no limit on our right to make changes to the System, the Brand Standards or the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines. 
 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements 
pertaining to renewal, termination, transfer, and dispute resolution.  You should read these 
provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. 
 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
a. Length of the 
franchise term 
FA ┬º3, Addendum New Construction: Generally, at midnight on the last day of 
the month 23 years after the Effective Date. 
Conversion: Generally, at midnight on the last day of the 
month 10 to 20 years after the Opening Date. 
Change of Ownership: Generally, either the remaining Term 
under the existing franchise agreement, or such other term 
as we may approve. 
Spa Amendment ┬º2(a) eforea spa: Generally, the term of the Franchise Agreement 
or as otherwise agreed. The term expires on the earlier of: 

   79     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
(i) the termination of the Spa Amendment; or (ii) the 
expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ┬º2(i) 
 
Restaurant Brand: Generally, 7 years or as otherwise 
agreed. The term expires on the earlier of: (i) the 
termination of the Restaurant Brand Amendment; or (ii) the 
expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the 
Franchise Agreement and will automatically terminate on 
the termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement. 
b. Renewal or 
Extension of the 
term 
FA ┬º3 You do not have the right to renew or extend the Franchise 
Agreement. 
Spa Amendment  Same as Franchise Agreement. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment  
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement - Not 
applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the 
Franchise Agreement. You do not have the right to renew or 
extend the HITS Agreement. 
c. Requirements 
for you to renew 
or extend 
FA ΓÇô Not applicable You do not have the right to renew or extend, but if we 
agree, in our sole discretion, to re-license, you may be 
asked to sign a contract with materially different terms and 
conditions from the original Franchise Agreement, and you 
must comply with any PIP performance conditions that we 
specify. 
Spa Amendment ΓÇô Not 
applicable  
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ΓÇô Not 
applicable  
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement - Not 
applicable 
The HITS Agreement will run concurrently with the 
Franchise Agreement.  You do not have the right to renew 
or extend, but if we agree, in our sole discretion, to re-
license, you may be asked to sign a new HITS Agreement 
with materially different terms and conditions from the 
original HITS Agreement. 
d. Termination by 
you  
FA ┬º13.4 and 13.5 You are not authorized to terminate the Franchise 
Agreement before expiration of the Term.  If you unilaterally 
terminate the Franchise Agreement without cause, it is a 
material breach of the Franchise Agreement, and you must 
pay to us, on demand, Liquidated Damages, or we may 
seek to recover actual damages in certain circumstances. 
Spa Amendment ┬º9 If the Franchise Agreement is terminated for any reason, 
your right to operate the eforea spa will automatically 
terminate. 

   80     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ┬º10 
 
If the Franchise Agreement is terminated for any reason, 
your right to operate the Restaurant Brand will automatically 
terminate. 
HITS Agreement ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
You must operate under the HITS Agreement as long as the 
Franchise Agreement is in effect. 
e. Termination by 
us without 
cause 
FA ┬º11.1 Condemnation:  you must immediately inform us of any 
proposed taking of any portion of the hotel by eminent 
domain, and we may terminate the Franchise Agreement on 
notice to you, and will release you from the obligation to pay 
Liquidated Damages. 
FA ┬º11.2 Casualty:  You must immediately inform us if the hotel is 
damaged by fire or other casualty, or Event of Force 
Majeure.  If the casualty requires closing of the hotel, you 
may choose to repair or rebuild according to the Standards 
provided that the hotel reopens no later than 18 months 
after the closing.  If you elect not to repair or rebuild the 
hotel after a condemnation or casualty to the hotel, we may 
terminate the franchise agreement on notice to you.  We will 
release you from the obligation to pay Liquidated Damages 
as long as you and your Affiliates do not own or operate a 
hotel at the site under a lease, license or franchise with a 
Competitor within 3 years after the termination. 
Spa Amendment ┬º9 If we terminate the Franchise Agreement, your right to 
operate the eforea spa will automatically terminate. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ┬º10 
If we terminate the Franchise Agreement, your right to use 
the Restaurant Brand will automatically terminate. 
HITS Agreement 4.1 If we terminate the Franchise Agreement or any other 
agreement that allows you to operate the hotel, we can 
terminate the HITS Agreement. 
f. Termination by 
us with cause 
FA ┬º13 Except as described above, we can terminate if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the Franchise Agreement or 
any attachment to it.  
Spa Amendment ┬º┬º8 
and 9 
Except as described above, we can terminate if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the Franchise Agreement, the 
Spa Amendment, or any attachment to them. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ┬º┬º9 and 
10 
Except as described above, we can terminate if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the Franchise Agreement, the 
Restaurant Brand Amendment, or any attachment to them. 
HITS Agreement 4.1 Except as described above, we can terminate only if you fail 
to satisfy any obligations under the HITS Agreement.  
Termination of the Franchise Agreement also terminates the 
HITS Agreement. 
g. "Cause" defined 
ΓÇô defaults which 
can be cured  
FA ┬º┬º8.6 and 13.1 We may terminate the Franchise Agreement by written 
notice to you at any time before its expiration on any of the 
following grounds: (1) you fail to pay us any sums due and 
owing to us or our Affiliates or to pay or fund any amounts 

   81     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
due under any of Your Hotel Agreements within the cure 
period in the notice (at least 10 days); (2) you fail to 
commence or complete the Hotel Work by the applicable 
deadline, including any extensions, or fail to open the Hotel 
on the Opening Date, and do not cure that default within the 
cure period in the notice (at least 10 days); (3) you do not 
purchase or maintain required insurance or do not 
reimburse us for our purchase of insurance on your behalf 
within the cure period in the notice (at least 10 days) unless 
provided otherwise in the Franchise Agreement; or (4) you 
fail to comply with any provision of the Franchise 
Agreement, the Manual, or any Standard that can be cured 
(see subsection h below), or breach a representation or 
warranty made in the Franchise Agreement and you do not 
cure that default within the cure period in the notice (at least 
30 days) unless provided otherwise in the Franchise 
Agreement. If we send you a written notice that you are in 
default for failing to pay or fund amounts due, we may 
require an acceptable third-party guaranty as a condition of 
curing the default. 
FA ┬º13.3 If we send you a written notice that you are in default, we 
may elect to impose an Interim Remedy, including the 
suspension of our obligations under this Agreement and/or 
our or our AffiliatesΓÇÖ obligations under Your Hotel 
Agreements. We may: (1) suspend the Hotel from the 
Reservation Service and any reservation and/or website 
services provided through or by us; (2) remove the listing of 
the Hotel from any directories or advertising we publish; (3) 
divert reservations previously made for the Hotel to other 
System Hotels or Network Hotels; (4) disable all or any part 
of the software provided to you under Your Hotel 
Agreements and/or may suspend any one or more of the 
information technology and/or network services that we 
provide or support under Your Hotel Agreements; (5) charge 
you for costs related to suspending or disabling your right to 
use any software systems or technology we provided to 
you, together with intervention or administration fees as set 
forth in the Standards; (6) revoke any financial 
accommodations (including but not limited to any Monthly 
Fee discounts, fee ramps or fee waivers that we have 
granted and charge you the then-current standard fee or 
charge that would have otherwise applied absent the 
temporary financial accommodation. 
Spa Amendment ┬º┬º8 
and 9 
We may terminate by written notice to you if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the Franchise Agreement 
and/or Spa Amendment that are curable and not cured after 
notice, as outlined above.  

   82     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ┬º┬º 9 and 
10 
We may terminate by written notice to you if you fail to 
satisfy any obligations under the Franchise Agreement 
and/or Restaurant Brand Amendment that are curable and 
not cured after notice, as outlined above.  
HITS Agreement 4.1 We can terminate if you (1) fail to pay us sums due and fail 
to cure your default within 10 days; (2) you breach your 
obligations of confidentiality; (3) you fail to timely refresh the 
Authorized Equipment; or (4) you default under any other 
provision of the HITS Agreement and fail to cure your 
default within 30 days after notice from us.  The HITS 
Agreement will automatically terminate on the termination or 
expiration of your Franchise Agreement. 
h. "Cause" defined 
ΓÇô non-curable 
defaults 
FA ┬º13.2 We may terminate the Franchise Agreement immediately on 
notice to you, without giving you any opportunity to cure the 
default if:  
FA ┬º13.2 (1) after curing any material breach, you engage in the same 
non-compliance within any consecutive 24-month period, 
whether or not the non-compliance is corrected after notice, 
which pattern of non-compliance in and of itself will be 
deemed material; 
FA ┬º13.2 (2) we send you 3 notices of material default in any 12-month 
period, regardless of whether the defaults have been cured; 
FA ┬º13.2 (3) you fail to pay debts as they become due or admit in writing 
your inability to pay your debts or you make a general 
assignment for the benefit of your creditors; 
FA ┬º13.2 (4) you file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or any pleading 
seeking any reorganization, liquidation, or dissolution under 
any law, or you admit or fail to contest the material 
allegations of any such pleading filed against you or the 
Hotel, and the action results in the entry of an order for relief 
against you under the Bankruptcy Code, the adjudication of 
you as insolvent, or the abatement of the claims of creditors 
of you or the Hotel under any law;  or you have an order 
entered against you appointing a receiver for the Hotel or a 
substantial part of your or the HotelΓÇÖs assets;  
FA ┬º13.2 (5) you or your Guarantor lose possession or the right to 
possession of all or a significant part of the Hotel or Hotel 
Site for any reason other than those described in 
Section 11; 
FA ┬º13.2 (6) you fail to operate the Hotel for 5 consecutive days, unless 
the failure to operate is due to an event of Force Majeure, 
provided that you have taken reasonable steps to minimize 
the impact of such events; 
FA ┬º13.2 (7) you contest in any court or proceeding our ownership of the 
System or any part of the System or the validity of any of 
the Marks; 

   83     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
FA ┬º13.2 (8) you or any Equity Owner with a controlling Equity Interest, 
or any of your Affiliates, employees, or Management 
Company, engage in conduct that we reasonably determine 
is likely to adversely reflect upon or affect in any manner the 
reputation, goodwill, or business of the Hotel, the System, 
us and/or our Affiliates; 
FA ┬º13.2 (9) you conceal revenues, maintain false books and records of 
accounts, submit false reports or information to us or 
otherwise attempt to defraud us; 
FA ┬º13.2 (10) you Transfer any interest that is not in compliance with the 
Franchise Agreement;   
FA ┬º13.2 (11) you, your Affiliate or any Guarantor become a Sanctioned 
Person or are owned or controlled by a Sanctioned Person 
or otherwise breach the representations in the Franchise 
Agreement; 
FA ┬º13.2 (12) information is disclosed involving you or your Affiliates, 
which, in our business judgment, is likely to adversely reflect 
on or affect in any manner, any gaming licenses or permits 
held by us or our Affiliates or the then-current stature of us 
or any of our Affiliates with any gaming commission, board, 
or similar governmental or regulatory agency; 
FA ┬º13.2 (13) any Guarantor breaches its guaranty to us;  
FA ┬º13.2 (14) a threat or danger to public health or safety results from the 
construction, maintenance, or operation of the Hotel; 
FA ┬º13.2 (15) 
 
you, your Affiliate or a Guarantor become a Competitor 
except as otherwise permitted by Subsection 5.1.29; or 
FA ┬º13.2 (16) 
 
you breach any representation, warranty, or obligation in
Section  16.12  of the Franchise Agreement regarding 
Existing Agreements;  
FA ┬º13.2 (17) any of Your Hotel Agreements is terminated based on a 
breach or default by you or your Affiliates; or 
FA Shared Facilities 
Addendum 
if we withdraw our consent to your HotelΓÇÖs use of Shared 
Facilities and you fail to construct comparable facilities or 
amenities in order for the Hotel to meet the Standards.    
Spa Amendment ┬º┬º8 
and 9 
We may terminate immediately on notice to you, without 
giving you any opportunity to cure, upon the occurrence of 
any non-curable breach or default of the Franchise 
Agreement with the Spa Amendment, as outlined above, or 
if you: (i)  lease  or  sublease commercial space in your 
eforea spa, or enter into concession arrangements for 
operations in connection with  your  eforea  spa; (ii) operate,  
have  operated  on  your  behalf or  on behalf of an affiliate, 
or allow the operation of, another spa in, adjacent to or that 
is associated in any way with, the Hotel; (iii) enter into a 
Change of Ownership Transfer for your Hotel unless you 
are also  transferring  your  eforea spa in  the  same  

   84     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
transaction  and  you  may  not  enter  into  a  Change  of 
Ownership  Transfer  for  your  eforea  spa  unless  you  are 
also transferring  your  Hotel  in  the  same transaction.   
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ┬º┬º9 and 
10 
We may terminate immediately on notice to you, without 
giving you any opportunity to cure, upon the occurrence of 
any non-curable breach or default of the Franchise 
Agreement with the Restaurant Brand Amendment, as 
outlined above, or if you: (i) lease or sublease commercial 
space in your Restaurant, or enter into concession 
arrangements for operations in connection with your 
Restaurant; (ii) enter into a Change of Ownership Transfer 
for your Restaurant unless you are also transferring your 
Hotel in the same transaction; (iii) any Change of Ownership 
Transfer for your Hotel must also include a transfer of your 
Restaurant in the same transaction, unless we approve a 
termination of the Restaurant Brand Amendment; or (iv) 
enter into a Change of Ownership Transfer for your Hotel.  
HITS Agreement 4.1 You have no right to cure once your Franchise Agreement 
terminates. 
i. Your obligations 
on termination, 
expiration or 
non-renewal 
FA ┬º13.6 On termination or expiration of the Agreement you must 
immediately:  
FA ┬º13.6 (1) pay all sums due and owing to us or any of our Affiliates, 
including liquidated damages and any expenses incurred by 
us in obtaining injunctive relief for the enforcement of the 
Franchise Agreement; 
FA ┬º13.6 (2) cease operating the Hotel as a System Hotel and cease 
using the System; 
FA ┬º13.6 (3) cease using the Marks, the Trade Name, and any 
confusingly similar names, marks, trade dress systems, 
insignia, symbols, or other rights, procedures, and methods; 
deliver all goods and materials containing the Marks to us; 
make any specified changes to the location as we may 
reasonably require for this purpose, which will include 
removal of the signs, custom decorations, and promotional 
materials; 
FA ┬º13.6 (4) cease representing yourself as then or formerly a System 
Hotel or affiliated with the Brand or the Network; 
FA ┬º13.6 (5) return all copies of the Manual and any other Proprietary 
Information to us; 
FA ┬º13.6 (6) cancel all assumed name or equivalent registrations relating 
to your use of any Mark, notify the telephone company and 
all listing agencies and directory publishers including 
Internet domain name granting authorities, Internet service 
providers, global distribution systems, and web search 
engines of the termination or expiration of your right to use 
the Marks, and any telephone number, any classified or 
other telephone directory listings, Internet domain names, 

   85     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
uniform resource locators, website names, electronic mail 
addresses and search engine metatags and keywords 
associated with the hotel, and authorize their transfer to us; 
FA ┬º13.6 (7) irrevocably assign and transfer to us (or to our designee) all 
of your right, title and interest in any domain name listings 
and registrations that contain any reference to our Marks, 
System, Network or Brand; notify the applicable domain 
name registrars of the termination of your right to use any 
domain name or Sites associated with the Marks or the 
Brand; and authorize and instruct the cancellation of the 
domain name, or transfer of the domain name to us (or our 
designee), as we specify; delete all references to our Marks, 
System, Network or Brand from any Sites you own, maintain 
or operate beyond the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise Agreement. 
Spa Amendment ┬º10 If your right to operate an eforea spa terminates or expires, 
your post-term obligations include termination of use of the 
eforea spa brand and any other brands, marks, systems or 
other rights licensed to you for the spa, delivery of all items 
containing any portion of our trademarks or service marks to 
us for use by us as we may see fit, make the changes we 
request to your Hotel, hotel site and spa to de-identify your 
spa as an eforea spa, return all copies of the eforea spa 
Manual, cancel all assumed name or equivalent 
registrations and transfer any domain name listings and 
registrations that contain any reference to the eforea spa 
brand to us, and cease representing yourself or the hotel as 
then or formerly operating an eforea spa. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ┬º11 
If your right to use the designated Restaurant Brand 
terminates or expires, your post-term obligations include 
termination your use of the Restaurant Brand, the Trade 
Name, and any other brands, marks, systems or other rights 
licensed to you for the Restaurant, delivery of all items 
containing any portion of our trademarks or service marks to 
us for use by us as we may see fit, make the changes we 
request to your Hotel, hotel site and Restaurant to de-
identify your restaurant as an Restaurant Brand, return all 
copies of the Restaurant Brand Guidelines, cancel all 
assumed name or equivalent registrations and transfer any 
domain name listings and registrations that contain any 
reference to the Restaurant Brand to us, and cease 
representing yourself or the hotel as then or formerly 
operating a Restaurant Brand restaurant. 
HITS Agreement 4.2 You must stop using our software and related documents, 
return all copies to us, and certify to us that you have done 
so. 
FA ┬º12.1 We may assign or transfer the Franchise Agreement and 
any of our rights, duties or assets to any person or entity 

   86     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
j. Assignment of 
contract by us 
without your consent so long as the assignee assumes all of 
our obligations to permit you to operate the hotel. 
HITS Agreement 2.1 HSS may delegate its operational responsibilities under the 
HITS Agreement to third parties but remains responsible. 
k. "Transfer" by 
you ΓÇô definition  
FA ┬º┬º1 and 12.2 Any sale, lease, assignment, spin-off, transfer, or other 
conveyance of a direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest, 
including a transfer of an interest the hotel, the Franchise 
Agreement, the site on which the hotel is located or any 
direct or indirect Equity Interest (as defined in the Franchise 
Agreement). You may not transfer to a Competitor or a 
Sanctioned Person. 
Spa Amendment Same as Franchise Agreement. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
Transfer is not defined in the HITS Agreement.  We 
consider any attempt on your part to transfer or assign any 
of your rights or obligations under the HITS Agreement to 
be a ΓÇ£transferΓÇ¥ by you. 
l. Our approval of 
transfer by you 
FA ┬º12.2 A Transfer of any interest in you, the Hotel, the Hotel Site, 
or the Franchise Agreement (or any rights or obligations 
under it) are prohibited unless expressly allowed in the 
Franchise Agreement. The Franchise Agreement allows 2 
types of Transfers if certain conditions are satisfied: (a) 
Permitted Transfers; and (b) Change of Ownership 
Transfers.  In any Transfer, the proposed Transferee may 
not be a Sanctioned Person or a Competitor. 
Spa Amendment ┬º8 
 
The Transfer terms of the Franchise Agreement apply to 
your eforea spa, as outlined in this table.  A Transfer of any 
interest in you, the Hotel, the Hotel Site, the eforea spa, the 
Franchise Agreement or the Spa Amendment (or any rights 
or obligations under them) are prohibited unless expressly 
allowed in the Franchise Agreement or Eforea Spa 
Amendment. In addition, you may not enter into a Change 
of Ownership Transfer for your eforea spa unless you are 
also transferring your Hotel in the same transaction to the 
same transferee, with our consent.  
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ┬º9 
The Transfer terms of the Franchise Agreement apply to 
your Restaurant, as outlined in this table. A Transfer of any 
interest in you, the Hotel, the Hotel Site, the Restaurant, the 
Franchise Agreement or the Restaurant Brand Amendment 
(or any rights or obligations under them) are prohibited 
unless expressly allowed in the Franchise Agreement or 
Restaurant Brand Amendment. In addition, you may not 
enter into a Change of Ownership Transfer for your 
Restaurant unless you are also transferring your Hotel in the 
same transaction to the same transferee, with our consent. 

   87     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
HITS Agreement  
2.1 
 
You have no right to assign the HITS Agreement.  If there is 
a Change of Ownership transfer of the Franchise 
Agreement, we may permit the HITS Agreement to be 
assigned. 
m. Conditions for 
our approval of 
transfer. 
FA ┬º12.2.1 Permitted Transfers are Transfers that will not result in a 
change of Control of you, the Hotel, or the Hotel Site.  
FA ┬º12.2.1.1 You may complete the following types of Permitted 
Transfers without giving us notice or obtaining our consent: 
Transfers of (a) Publicly Traded Equity Interests; (b) 
privately held Equity Interests when the transferee will hold 
less than 50% after the Transfer, and there is no resulting 
change of Control; and (c) interests within and to designated 
institutional investment funds if the named asset manager 
does not change. 
FA ┬º12.2.1.2 For the following types of Permitted Transfers, unless the 
Transfer otherwise qualifies under 12.2.1.1, you must give 
us 60 daysΓÇÖ written notice, obtain our consent, follow our 
then-current procedure for processing Permitted Transfers, 
sign documents required by us, and pay a processing fee:   
Transfers (a) to Affiliates; (b) to a family member or trust; (c) 
on death; and (d) of privately-held Equity Interests if more 
than 50% will have changed hands since the Effective Date 
of the Franchise Agreement.  
FA ┬º12.2.2 Any Transfer that is not a Permitted Transfer under ┬º12.2.1 
is a Change of Ownership Transfer.  You must give 60 daysΓÇÖ 
written notice and provide any information we may require 
to consent to this type of transfer, not be in default; pay all 
amounts due to us and our Affiliates through closing; 
conclude any suit, action or proceeding that is pending or 
threatened against you, us or any of our Affiliates with 
respect to the Hotel, or provide adequate security.  
Proposed transferee must meet our then-current business 
requirements for new franchisees, including credit, 
background investigation, operations experience, prior 
business dealings, and other relevant factors.  Proposed 
transferee must submit a completed and signed Change of 
Ownership Application, pay our Franchise Application Fee, 
sign our then-current form of franchise agreement, agree to 
our request for upgrades to the hotel (which may include 
payment of a PIP fee); agree to indemnify, hold harmless 
and defend us and our affiliates against any action by a 
Government Entity arising in connection with any fees or 
costs you charged to customers; and, if applicable, the 
Proposed transfereeΓÇÖs guarantors must sign our then-
current form of guaranty of franchise agreement. Proposed 
transferee must not be a Sanctioned Person or a 
Competitor.  If the transferee has SBA financing, you and 
the transferee must agree to escrow and disburse our 

   88     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
estimated fees to us at closing. We will refund any excess 
about 30 days after closing.   
FA ┬º12.3 You must give 60 daysΓÇÖ advance notice of a public offering 
or private placement; follow our instructions about the use of 
the Marks and disclosure; and indemnify us from any claims 
related to the offer or sale of your securities; pay a 
processing fee when you submit the request and pay any 
additional costs we may incur. 
FA ┬º12.4 You or an Equity Owner may mortgage or pledge the hotel 
or an Equity Interest to a lender that finances the 
acquisition, development or operation of the hotel, without 
notifying us or obtaining our consent, if (i) you or the 
applicable Equity Owner are the sole borrower, and (ii) the 
loan is not secured by any other hotels or other collateral. 
You must notify us of any other proposed mortgage or 
pledge, including any collateral assignment of this 
Agreement, and obtain our consent, which we may withhold 
in our business judgment. We will evaluate the proposed 
mortgage or pledge according to our then-current procedure 
and standards for processing such requests. We may issue 
our consent in the form of a lender comfort letter agreement 
(ΓÇ£LCLΓÇ¥) in a form satisfactory to us, and may include an 
estoppel and general release of claims. We charge a fee for 
the processing of a lender comfort letter. 
 
In a Managed-to-Franchised Conversion, you must cause 
each Mortgage Lender to sign an LCL in the form required 
by us under which the Mortgage Lender agrees not to 
disturb or interfere with our rights under the Franchise 
Agreement and to assume (or cause the transferee to 
assume) your obligations under the Franchise Agreement 
and any Development Incentive Note if the Mortgage 
Lender or other transferee acquires possession or 
ownership of the Hotel. The specific form of LCL cannot be 
determined in advance because it would depend on the 
specific circumstances. Accordingly, it would be provided at 
the time of origination. 
FA ┬º5.1.24 You may lease or sublease commercial space in the hotel, 
or enter into concession arrangements for operations in 
connection with the hotel, in the ordinary course of 
business, subject to our right to review and approve the 
nature of the proposed business and the proposed brand 
and concept, all in keeping with our then current Standards 
for System Hotels. 
Spa Amendment ┬º8 You may not Transfer your eforea spa or assign your Spa 
Amendment without simultaneously transferring the Hotel 
and Franchise Agreement to the same transferee with our 
consent.  

   89     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ┬º9 
 
Unless we terminate the Restaurant Brand Amendment, you 
may not Transfer your Restaurant or assign your Restaurant 
Brand Amendment without simultaneously transferring the 
Hotel and Franchise Agreement to the same transferee with 
our consent. 
 HITS Agreement 2.1 
 
 You have no right to assign the HITS Agreement.  If there 
is a Change of Ownership transfer of the Franchise 
Agreement, we may permit the HITS Agreement to be 
assigned. 
n. Our right of first 
refusal to 
acquire your 
business 
FA ΓÇô Not applicable None, but you must notify us if you want to market any 
equity interests, other than a Transfer under ┬º┬º 12.2.1 or 
12.2.2. 
Spa Amendment ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
None. 
o. Our option to 
purchase your 
business 
FA ΓÇô Not applicable None. 
Spa Amendment ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
None. 
 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
None. 
HITS Agreement ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
None. 
p. Your death or 
disability 
FA ΓÇô ┬º12.2.1.2.3 On the death of a Franchisee or Equity Owner who is a 
natural person, this Agreement or the Equity Interest of the 
deceased Equity Owner may Transfer in accordance with 
such personΓÇÖs will or, if such person dies intestate, in 
accordance with laws of intestacy governing the distribution 
of such personΓÇÖs estate without our consent, provided that: 
(a) the Transfer On Death is to an immediate family member 
or to a legal entity formed by such family member(s); and 
(b) within 1 year after the death, such family member(s) or 
entity meet all of our then current requirements for an 
approved applicant and the transfer otherwise satisfies our 
conditions.  
Spa Amendment Same as Franchise Agreement. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
None. 

   90     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
q. Non-
competition 
covenants 
during the term 
of this franchise 
FA ┬º┬º1, 5.1.29, 7.2 
and 7.3 
 
You, your Affiliates, and your management company (if any)  
may not, indirectly or directly, own or be a licensor or 
franchisor of a hotel brand that competes with the System, a 
System Hotel or Network Hotel in our sole judgment, but 
you may own a minority interest in a Competitor under 
certain circumstances, and you may be a franchisee of a 
Competitor, or manage a property of a Competitor. You may 
not, and must ensure that your Affiliates do not, allow any 
Competitor to use Your Marks without our prior written 
approval.   
Spa Amendment ┬º8 While you are operating an eforea spa, neither you nor any 
affiliate of yours may operate, have operated on your behalf 
or on behalf of an affiliate, or allow the operation of, another 
spa that is in, adjacent to, or associated in any way with, 
your Hotel. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ΓÇô Not 
Applicable 
None.  
HITS Agreement ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
None. 
r. Non-
competition 
covenants after 
the franchise is 
terminated or 
expires 
FA ΓÇô Not applicable 
 
None. 
Spa Amendment ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
None. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
None. 
HITS Agreement ΓÇô Not 
applicable 
None. 
s. Modification of 
the agreement 
FA ┬º16.5.1 No change, termination, or attempted waiver or cancellation 
of any provision of this Agreement will bind us unless it is in 
writing, specifically designated as an amendment or waiver, 
and signed by one of our officers.  We may condition our 
agreement to any amendment or waiver on receiving from 
you, in a form satisfactory to us, an estoppel and general 
release of claims that you may have against us, our 
Affiliates, and related parties.   
Spa Amendment Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
 
No additions or modifications to the Agreement unless in 
writing and signed by all parties. 

   91     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
t. Integration/ 
merger clause 
FA ┬º16.4 Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement, the Application, 
the Guaranty and any other related agreements signed by 
the parties are enforceable (subject to state law). Any other 
promises may not be enforceable. However, nothing in this 
section disclaims the statements made in our franchise 
disclosure document. 
Spa Amendment Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 
 
Only the terms of the Agreement (and any representations 
in the franchise disclosure document) are binding (subject to 
state law). Any other promises may not be enforceable. 
u. Dispute 
resolution by 
arbitration or 
mediation 
FA ΓÇô Not applicable, 
except in Puerto Rico, 
Puerto Rico Addendum 
┬º16.2.2. 
None, except in Puerto Rico. In Puerto Rico, except as 
noted below, all claims and disputes will be settled by 
arbitration conducted by the American Arbitration 
Association, JAMS, or similar arbitral body chosen at our 
election, in accordance with the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure, by 1 or more arbitrators chosen in accordance 
with those rules. To the extent the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure do not govern certain procedures or 
requirements relating to the arbitration, the rules of the 
applicable arbitral body will apply. The proceedings will be 
conducted in English. As an alternative to arbitration, we 
may elect to initiate or maintain any action for temporary 
remedies, or injunctive or other equitable relief, in any court, 
governmental agency, or other authority with jurisdiction 
over the matter. Issues relating to the conduct of any 
arbitration proceeding, and the enforcement of any 
arbitration award, will be governed by the Federal 
Arbitration Act.   
Spa Amendment Same as Franchise Agreement. 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 Same as Franchise Agreement.  
v. Choice of forum FA ┬º16.2.2, Puerto 
Rico Addendum 
┬º16.2.2. 
Court actions must be brought in the US District Court for 
the Eastern District of Virginia, in Alexandria, Virginia, or, if 
there is no subject matter jurisdiction in federal court, in a 
state court of competent jurisdiction in either Fairfax County, 
Virginia, or New York, New York, but we may elect to bring 
an action against you where the hotel is located. 
For Puerto Rico arbitration actions, the venue will be Fairfax 
County, Virginia, and the seat of the arbitration will be New 
York, New York.  An arbitration award may be confirmed in 
any court of competent jurisdiction. 
Spa Amendment Same as Franchise Agreement. 

   92     2026 US CURIO 
Provision 
Section in Franchise 
Agreement (ΓÇ£FAΓÇ¥), 
Spa Amendment, 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and HITS 
Agreement 
Summary 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 1.1 Same as Franchise Agreement. 
w. Choice of law  FA ┬º16.2.1 New York law applies, without recourse to New York choice 
of law on conflicts of law principles, except to the extent 
governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 
(Lanham Act, 15 USC ┬º 1050) (subject to state law). 
Spa Amendment Same as Franchise Agreement. 
 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
Same as Franchise Agreement. 
HITS Agreement 41.1 Same as Franchise Agreement. 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We currently do not use any public figure to promote our licenses. 
 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
 
The FTCΓÇÖs Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor -owned outlets, if there is a reasonable 
basis for the information, and if the information is included in the disclosure document.  Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a 
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a 
franchisor supplement s the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing 
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
  
The charts below set forth certain historic performance information for Brand hotels operating in 
the US (but not its Territories or Possessions). 
  
In this Item 19, the term "Company-Managed" refers to hotels owned and/or managed by Hilton 
Worldwide or its affiliates, including franchised hotels. ΓÇ£Franchisee-ManagedΓÇ¥ refers to hotels that 
are franchised and are managed by the franchisee or a managemen t company retained by the 
franchisee that is not affiliated with Hilton Worldwide. ΓÇ£Comparable HotelsΓÇ¥ means Brand hotels 
that were active and operating in our system for at least one full calendar year and were open 
January 1st of the previous year, but excluding those: (a) that have undergone a change in brand 
or ownership type during the periods reported; (b) that have undergone large -scale capital 
projects during the periods reported; and (c) for which we do not have comparable results, such 
as, for exa mple, those that sustained substantial property damage, removed or added a 
substantial number of guest rooms, or encountered business interruption during the periods 
reported. 
 

   93     2026 US CURIO 
As of December 31, 2025, there were a total of 93 Curio branded hotels operating in the US. Of 
these 93 hotels, 63 were classified as Comparable Hotels. Of the 63 Comparable Hotels, 5 were 
Company-Managed and 58 were Franchisee -Managed. The financial perfo rmance results 
detailed in this section are for the 2025 Comparable Hotels, defined above. 
 
Room Rate 
 
The following table shows the average and median Room Rate for Comparable Hotels and the 
number and percentage of Company -Managed and Franchisee -Managed Comparable Hotels 
that met or exceeded the average and median. These figures are calculated based on information 
routinely reported to Hilton Worldwide by individual System hotels. 
 
Room Rate 2025 
Average Room Rate of all Comparable Hotels $243.80  
Median Room Rate of all Comparable Hotels $226.21  
Number and Percentage of Comparable Company-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Average Room Rate 4/80.0% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Company-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median Room Rate 4/80.0% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Average Room Rate 20/34.5% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median Room Rate 28/48.3% 
Source: Hilton  
 
The Room Rate for all Comparable Hotels ranged from $132.41 to $537.75 in 2025.  
 
Occupancy 
 
The following table shows the average and median Occupancy for Comparable Hotels and the 
number and percentage of Company -Managed and Franchisee -Managed Comparable Hotels 
that met or exceeded the average and median. These figures are calculated based on information 
routinely reported to Hilton Worldwide by individual System hotels. 
  
Occupancy 2025 
Average Occupancy of all Comparable Hotels 71.0% 
Median Occupancy of all Comparable Hotels 72.3% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Company-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Average Occupancy 4/80.0% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Company-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median Occupancy 4/80.0% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Average Occupancy 31/53.4% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median Occupancy 28/48.3% 
Source: Hilton 
 
The Occupancy rate for all Comparable Hotels ranged from 51.5% to 90.9% in 2025. 

   94     2026 US CURIO 
RevPAR 
 
RevPAR is a measure of revenue per available room. The following tables show the average and 
median RevPAR for Comparable Hotels and the number and percentage of Company-Managed 
and Franchisee-Managed Comparable Hotels that met or exceeded the average and median. 
These figures are calculated based on information routinely reported to Hilton Worldwide by 
individual System hotels. RevPAR is calculated as follows:  
 
Gross Rooms Revenue / Number of Available Guest Rooms 
 
RevPAR 2025 
Average RevPAR of all Comparable Hotels $172.98 
Median RevPAR of all Comparable Hotels $158.23 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Company-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Average RevPAR 4/80.0% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Company-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median RevPAR 4/80.0% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Average RevPAR 22/37.9% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median RevPAR 28/48.3% 
Source: Hilton 
 
The RevPAR for all Comparable Hotels ranged from $83.86 to $437.68 in 2025. 
 
Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy 
 
Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy is the percentage of hotel occupancy attributable to 
Hilton Honors member stays. The following tables show the average and median Hilton Honors 
Contribution to Occupancy for Comparable Hotels and the number and percentage of Company-
Managed and Franchisee-Managed Comparable Hotels that met or exceeded the average and 
median.  
 
Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy is calculated as the Number of Member Room Nights 
divided by the total occupied room nights as reported by Comparable Hotels to us or to our 
Affiliates. The Number of Member Room Nights means the number of room night s occupied by 
Hilton Honors members, including eligible paid stays, points redemption stays, points and 
payment stays, and stays that were ineligible for points, booked by Hilton Honors members. The 
calculation is as follows:  
 
Number of Member Room Nights / Total Occupied Room Nights 
 
Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy 2025 
Average Percentage of Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy for Comparable 
Hotels 75.0% 
Median Percentage of Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy for Comparable 
Hotels 78.7% 
Number and Percentage of Company-Managed Comparable Hotels which met or 
exceeded Average % of Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy 3/60.0% 

   95     2026 US CURIO 
Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy 2025 
Number and Percentage of Company-Managed Comparable Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median % of Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy 3/60.0% 
Number and Percentage of Franchisee-Managed Comparable Hotels which met or 
exceeded Average % of Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy 35/60.3% 
Number and Percentage of Franchisee-Managed Comparable Hotels which met or 
exceeded Median % of Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy 29/50.0% 
Source: Hilton 
 
The Hilton Honors Contribution to Occupancy for all Comparable Hotels ranged from 35.9% to 
92.7% in 2025. 
 
Hilton Honors Contribution to Room Nights 
 
The Hilton Honors Contribution to Room Nights is the number of room nights attributable to Hilton 
Honors member stays. The following table shows the average and median Hilton Honors 
Contribution to Room Nights for Comparable Hotels and the number and percentage of Company-
Managed and Franchisee-Managed Comparable Hotels that met or exceeded the average and 
median.  
 
As used in the table below, the Number of Room Nights of Hilton Honors Member Stays means 
the number of room nights occupied by Hilton Honors members, including eligible paid stays, 
points redemption stays, points and payment stays, and stays that were ine ligible for points, 
booked by Hilton Honors members. 
 
Hilton Honors Contribution to Room Nights 2025 
Average Number of Room Nights of Hilton Honors Member Stays for Comparable Hotels 40,665 
Median Number of Room Nights of Hilton Honors Member Stays for Comparable Hotels 35,117 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Company-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded the Average Room Nights of all Hilton Honors Member Stays 3/60.0% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Company-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded the Median Room Nights of all Hilton Honors Member Stays 5/100.0% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded the Average Room Nights of all Hilton Honors Member Stays 22/37.9% 
Number and Percentage of Comparable Franchisee-Managed Hotels which met or 
exceeded the Median Room Nights of all Hilton Honors Member Stays 27/46.6% 
Source: Hilton  
 
The Hilton Honors Contribution to Room Nights for all Comparable Hotels ranged from 35.9% to 
92.7% in 2025. 
 
Room Rate, Occupancy, and RevPAR Before and After Conversion 
 
Of the 63 Comparable Hotels identified above, 31 were Conversions. Of those 31 Conversions, 
15 began operating as Curio Brand hotels between 2015 and 2025 (the ΓÇ£Conversion PeriodΓÇ¥). Of 
the 15 Conversion hotels that began operating during the Conversion Period, 13 were: (a) were 
open and operating in the US during calendar year 2025 (including those that were only open and 
operating for part of the year); and (b) reported business performance data to STR (ΓÇ£Comparable 
Conversion HotelsΓÇ¥). Of these 13  Comparable Conver sion Hotels, 11 (about 85 %) were 
Franchisee-Managed and 2 (about 15%) were Company-Managed.   

   96     2026 US CURIO 
 
The table below shows the Average Daily Rate (ΓÇ£ADRΓÇ¥), Occupancy, and RevPAR results of 
Comparable Conversion Hotels in the US for the 18-month period before conversion to the Hilton 
Brand as compared to the 18 -month period after conversion to the Brand, excluding the Cool -
Down and Ramp-Up Periods. The terms ΓÇ£Cool-Down Period,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£Ramp-Up Period,ΓÇ¥ and ΓÇ£RevPARΓÇ¥ 
are defined below.  
 
These figures are calculated based on information routinely reported to Hilton Worldwide by 
individual System hotels and information we obtained from STR, LLC and its affiliates (collectively 
ΓÇ£STRΓÇ¥). STR is an independent research firm that provides information to the hotel industry. STR 
receives information directly from hotel chains or individual hotel properties. We have not audited 
or independently verified the information provided by STR.   
 
Conversion 
Period 
Performance 
Metric 
Column A Column B Column C 
 
Pre-Conversion 
Period 
Post-Conversion 
Period 
Change Between the 
Pre and Post-Conversion 
Periods 
 
Comparable 
Conversion 
Hotels that 
Began 
Operating as 
Brand Hotels 
Between 2014 
and 2024 
ADR $225.32 $252.23  +11.9% 
Occupancy 58.5% 68.2% +16.6% (+9.7pts) 
 
RevPAR 
 
$131.76 $171.94 
 
+30.5% 
  Source: STR and Hilton 
 
As used above, the term ΓÇ£Cool-Down PeriodΓÇ¥ means the 6-month period immediately before each 
Comparable Conversion Hotel opened and began operating as a Hilton Brand hotel.  The Cool-
Down Period is a reasonable approximation of the average time it typically takes for a pre -
Conversion hotel to prepare for a Conversion. The term ΓÇ£Ramp -Up PeriodΓÇ¥ means the 6 -month 
period immediately after each Comparable Conversion Hotel opened a nd began operating as a 
Hilton Brand hotel. The Ramp -Up Period is excluded as a reasonable approxima tion of the 
average time it typically takes for a converted hotel to begin stabilizing in the market as a newly 
opened or reopened hotel under the Brand. ΓÇ£RevPARΓÇ¥ means the revenue per available room as 
reported by STR for the Pre -Conversion period and reported to us during the Post -Conversion 
period, which is calculated by dividing the total rooms revenue by the total number of rooms 
available.   
 
To calculate ADR we divided the sum of all rooms revenue by the sum of total room nights for all 
of the Comparable Conversion Hotels, in each period respectively. To calculate Occupancy rate 
we divided the sum of total room nights by the total available room nights for the Comparable 
Conversion Hotels, in each period respectively . To calculate RevPAR we divided the sum of all 
rooms revenue by the total available room nights for the Comparable Conversion Hotels 
(rounded), in each period respectively . Then, to calculate the percentage change between the 
Pre-Conversion Period and the Post-Conversion Period for each metric we subtracted the number 
in Column A from the number in Column B and divided that result by the number in Column A.   
 
During the Conversion Period: (a) 2 (about 18%) Franchisee-Managed Comparable Conversion 
Hotels met or exceeded the ADR; (b) 1 (50%) Company-Managed Comparable Conversion Hotel 
met or exceeded the ADR; (c) 3  (about 27%) Franchisee -Managed Comparable Conversion 

   97     2026 US CURIO 
Hotels met or exceeded the Occupancy rate; (d) 2 (100%) Company -Managed Comparable 
Conversion Hotels met or exceeded the Occupancy rate; (e) 2 (about 18%) Franchisee-Managed 
Comparable Conversion Hotels met or exceeded RevPAR; and (f) 2 (50%) Company -Managed 
Comparable Conversion Hotels met or exceeded RevPAR.  
 
For the Comparable Conversion Hotels: (a) the ADR ranged from $97.22 to $421.55 in the Pre -
Conversion Period, and from $118.15 to $431.57 in the Post -Conversion Period; (b) the 
Occupancy rate ranged from 30.7% to 81.7% in the Pre -Conversion Period, and from 47.4% to 
82.3% in the Post-Conversion Period; and (c) the RevPAR ranged from $30.01 to $285.55 in the 
Pre-Conversion Period, and from $64.17 to $334.13 in the Post-Conversion Period.   
 
In addition, for the Comparable Conversion Hotels: (a) the median ADR was $159.49 in the Pre-
Conversion Period, and $199.07 in the Post -Conversion Period (a change of +24.8%); (b) the 
median Occupancy rate was 63.3% in the Pre -Conversion Period, and 68.9% in the Post -
Conversion Period (a change of +8.8% (+5 pts rounded)); and (c) the median RevPAR was 
$100.06 in the Pre-Conversion Period, and $119.73 in the Post-Conversion Period (a change of 
+19.0%). 
 
Some hotels have achieved the results shown above. Your individual results may differ. 
There is no assurance that your Hotel will achieve the results shown above. 
 
We recommend that you consult your attorney, accountant, and other professional advisors 
before entering into any agreement with us, and conduct an assessment of the occupancy rates 
and room rates that you may achieve in your specific location to construct your own business plan 
and financial projections regarding sales, revenues, costs, customer base, and business 
development for your Hotel. There are independent firms that have experience in preparing 
market studies for hotels and appraising and evaluating hotel operations.  You may wish to obtain 
a market study from such a firm to help you project your potential sales, costs, income and profits. 
  
A hotelΓÇÖs financial performance will be affected by a variety of factors including the following: the 
nature and extent of your competition; whether competitive hotels in your market are affiliated 
with any chains or other centralized reservation systems; the age and established customer base 
of competitive hotels; the in-room and common area facilities and amenities of your Hotel versus 
competitive hotels; whether your geographic area has a greater or lesser demand for hotel 
accommodations, which can turn on a number of factors; the frequency of business travel to/from 
your geographic area; whether your Hotel is situated at or near an airport; whether your Hotel is 
situated close to or remote from a central business district;  whether your Hotel is situated  in a 
geographic area that attracts vacation travelers; the type of Hotel you operate ΓÇô resort, full -
service, limited service, all suites or rooms only; whether your Hotel offers food, beverage and/or 
convention and meeting services; whether your Hotel is situated near a college, resort attraction, 
theme park or other institution that generates lodging demand; the length of time your Hotel has 
been open to the public; and the length of time your Hotel has been affiliated with us.  
  
Other than the preceding financial performance representation, we do not make any financial 
performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make 
any such representations either orally or in writing. If you are purc hasing an existing outlet, 
however, we may provide you with the actual records of that outlet. If you receive any other 
financial performance information or projections of your future income, you should report it to our 
management by contacting Matt Wehling, Senior Vice President of Development US and Canada, 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100, McLean, Virginia 22102, 703-883-1000, the Federal Trade 
Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory agencies. 

   98     2026 US CURIO 
  
We will make available to you on reasonable request written substantiation for the above financial 
performance representations, but we are under no obligation to disclose to you specific 
information about a particular hotel. 
 
ITEM 20 
OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION 
 
Table No. 1 
System wide Hotel Summary 
For Years 2023 to 2025 
 
Hotel Type Year Hotels at the Start 
of the Year 
Hotels at the End 
of the Year Net Change 
Franchised  2023 67 71 +4 
2024 71 80 +9 
2025 80 82 +2 
Company-Owned  2023 0 0 0 
2024 0 0 0 
2025 0 0 0 
Total Hotels  2023 67 71 +4 
 2024 71 80 +9 
2025 80 82 +2 
 
Table No. 2 
Transfers of Franchised Hotels to New Owners (Other than the Franchisor)  
For Years 2023 to 2025 
 
State Year Number of Transfers 
California 2023 0 
2024 1 
2025 0 
Florida 2023 1 
 2024 1 
 2025 0 
Nebraska 2023 0 
2024 0 
2025 1 
Texas 2023 1 
2024 0 
2025 1 
Total 2023 2 
2024 2 
2025 2 
 
Table No. 3 
Status of Franchised Hotels* 
for Years 2023 to 2025 
 
State Year 
Hotels at 
Start of 
Year 
Hotels 
Opened 
Termin-
ations 
Non-
Renewals 
Reacquired 
by 
Franchisor 
Ceased 
Operations 
- Other 
Reasons 
Hotels at 
End of 
Year 
Alabama 2023 3 0 0 0 0 0 3 
2024 3 0 0 0 0 0 3 
2025 3 0 0 0 0 0 3 

   99     2026 US CURIO 
State Year 
Hotels at 
Start of 
Year 
Hotels 
Opened 
Termin-
ations 
Non-
Renewals 
Reacquired 
by 
Franchisor 
Ceased 
Operations 
- Other 
Reasons 
Hotels at 
End of 
Year 
Arizona 
 
2023 2 1 0 0 0 0 3 
2024 3 0 0 0 0 0 3 
2025 3 0 0 0 0 0 3 
California 2023 6 1 0 0 0 0 7 
2024 7 1 0 0 0 0 8 
2025 8 1 0 0 0 0 9 
Connecticut 
 
2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Colorado 
 
2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 1 0 0 0 0 2 
2025 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
Florida 2023 8 0 1 0 0 0 7 
2024 7 4 1 0 0 0 10 
2025 10 1 1 0 0 0 10 
Georgia 2023 4 1 0 0 0 0 5 
2024 5 1 0 0 0 0 6 
2025 6 0 0 0 0 0 6 
Illinois 2023 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2024 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2025 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
Iowa 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Kentucky 
 
2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 1 0 0 0 0 2 
Louisiana 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Maryland 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 
2025 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Massachusetts 2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Michigan 
 
2023 1 1 0 0 0 0 2 
2024 2 1 0 0 0 0 3 
2025 3 0 0 0 0 0 3 
Minnesota 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Missouri 2023 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2024 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2025 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
Nebraska 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Nevada 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
New Mexico 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 

   100     2026 US CURIO 
State Year 
Hotels at 
Start of 
Year 
Hotels 
Opened 
Termin-
ations 
Non-
Renewals 
Reacquired 
by 
Franchisor 
Ceased 
Operations 
- Other 
Reasons 
Hotels at 
End of 
Year 
New York  2023 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2024 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2025 2 1 0 0 0 0 3 
North Carolina 
 
2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Ohio 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Oklahoma 2023 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2024 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2025 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
Oregon 2023 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2024 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2025 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
Pennsylvania 
 
2023 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2024 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2025 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
South Carolina 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
South Dakota 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Tennessee 2023 4 0 0 0 0 0 4 
2024 4 0 0 0 0 0 4 
2025 4 0 0 0 0 0 4 
Texas 2023 6 0 0 0 0 0 6 
2024 6 0 0 0 0 0 6 
2025 6 1 1 0 0 0 6 
Utah 2023 2 1 0 0 0 0 3 
2024 3 0 0 0 0 0 3 
2025 3 0 1 0 0 0 2 
Virginia  2023 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2024 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2025 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
Washington 2023 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2024 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
2025 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
District of 
Columbia 
2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Puerto Rico 2023 0  0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Total 2023 67 5 1 0 0 0 71 
2024 71 11 2 0 0 0 80 
2025 80 5 3 0 0 0 82 
* In the table above, when: (a) an existing franchised hotel converts from another hotel brand to the Brand; or (b) a managemen t 
agreement for an existing Brand hotel ends and a franchise agreement for that Brand hotel begins (for the continued operation  of 
that hotel under a franchise), that transaction is shown as a Termination of the first franchise agreement (if applicable) an d a new 
Hotel Opening. In prior years, some of these transactions may have been shown in the ΓÇ£Ceased Operations ΓÇô Other ReasonΓÇ¥ column 
depending on the circumstances. Accordingly, some prior year data has been adjusted in this table for consistency.  
 
 

   101     2026 US CURIO 
Table No. 4 
Status of Company-Owned Hotels 
For Years 2023 to 2025 
 
State Year 
Hotels at 
Start of 
Year 
Hotels 
Opened 
Hotels 
Reacquired 
from 
Franchisees 
Hotels 
Closed 
Hotels Sold 
to 
Franchisees 
Hotels at 
End of  
Year 
All States 2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2025 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Total 2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2025 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
Table No. 5 
Projected Openings as of December 31, 2025 
 
State 
Franchise Agreements 
Signed but Hotels Not 
Opened 
Projected New 
Franchised Hotels in 
Next Fiscal Year 
Projected New Company-
Owned Hotels in Next 
Fiscal Year 
California 4 1 0 
Connecticut 1 0 0 
Delaware 1 0 0 
Florida 2 1 0 
Georgia 1 0 0 
Hawaii 1 1 0 
Illinois 2 0 0 
Indiana 1 0 0 
Louisiana 1 1 0 
Massachusetts 2 0 0 
Michigan 1 0 0 
New York 1 0 0 
North Carolina 2 1 0 
South Carolina 1 0 0 
Tennessee 1 0 0 
Texas 5 1 0 
Utah 1 0 0 
Virginia 1 1 0 
Puerto Rico 1 0 0 
Total 30 7 0 
 
In these tables, all fiscal year numbers are as of December 31 of each year. Any hotel that had 
temporarily modified or reduced operations or was temporarily closed in connection with the 
COVID-19 pandemic is not considered to have ΓÇÿclosedΓÇÖ or ΓÇÿceased operations.ΓÇÖ 
Exhibit A lists all Brand franchisees and the addresses and telephone numbers of all of their 
outlets as of December 31, 2025. 
Exhibit B lists all Brand franchisees who had an outlet terminated, cancelled or not renewed, or 
otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to do business under the Franchise Agreement 
during 2025, or who has not communicated with us within 10 weeks of the issuance date of this 
Disclosure Document. This includes any pre -opening terminations and Change of Ownership 
transactions in which a franchise agreement was terminated. 

   102     2026 US CURIO 
As of December 31, 2025, there were 2 eforea spas in operation at franchised hotels in the US, 
and there were 3 eforea spas in operation at Company -Managed hotels in the US.  As of 
December 31, 2025, there was 1 restaurant operating under a Restaurant Brand license at 
franchised hotel in the US and there were 2 restaurants operating under Restaurant Brand 
licenses at Company Managed hotels in the US.   
If you buy this franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other buyers when you 
leave the franchise system. 
During the last 3 fiscal years, some current and former franchisees have signed provisions 
restricting their ability to speak about their experience with us. You may wish to speak with current 
and former franchisees, but be aware that not all such franchis ees will be able to communicate 
with you. 
We have not created, endorsed, or sponsored any trademark -specific franchisee organizations 
associated with the System. There are no trademark-specific franchisee organizations associated 
with the franchise system which are incorporated or otherwise organi zed under state law and 
have asked us to be included in our disclosure document during the next fiscal year. 
ITEM 21 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Attached as Exhibit C are our audited consolidated financial statements including balance sheets 
as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related statements of operations and memberΓÇÖs capital, 
and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, and the related notes 
to the consolidated financial statements. 
ITEM 22 
CONTRACTS 
The following contracts are attached and made a part of this Disclosure Document:  
Exhibit D Franchise Agreement and Addendum 
Exhibit D-2  Development Incentive Promissory Note 
Exhibit D-3 Eforea Spa Amendment 
Exhibit D-4 Restaurant Brand Amendment 
Exhibit E Guaranty of Franchise Agreement 
Exhibit F Franchise Application 
Exhibit G Information Technology System Agreement (HITS Agreement) 
Exhibit K Lender Comfort Letter Forms 
 
These exhibits are SAMPLES ONLY and are not for signature . These documents are not 
exhaustive and may vary significantly from state to state and from transaction to transaction.  
ITEM 23 
RECEIPTS 
 
Exhibit M contains 2 copies of a detachable receipt.  

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT A 

EXHIBIT A 
 
CURIO 
 
Open 
 
ALABAMA 
Jefferson  Hotel  Partners  LLC 106 Jefferson Huntsville, AL 106 Jefferson Street South, Huntsville, Alabama  35801   
Bayshore Redmont Inc. Redmont Hotel Birmingham, AL 2101 5th Avenue North, Birmingham, Alabama  35203   
Homewood Hotel LLC Valley Hotel Homewood Birmingham, AL 2727 18th Street South, Homewood, Alabama  35209   
 
ARIZONA 
CP Boulders LLC Boulders Resort & Spa Scottsdale, AZ 34631 N. Tom Darlington Drive, Scottsdale, Arizona  85262   
AROW 7501 Camelback Land LLC Senna House Hotel Scottsdale, AZ 7501 E Camelback Road, Scottsdale, Arizona  85251   
7700 McCormick Hotel Owner LLC The Scottsdale Resort and Spa, AZ 7700 E McCormick Pkwy, Scottsdale, Arizona  85258   
 
CALIFORNIA 
Little Italy SD Hotel Owner LLC Carte Hotel San Diego Downtown, CA 401 W Ash Street, San Diego, California  92101   
SVI Airport LLC H Hotel Los Angeles, CA 6151 West Century Blvd., Los Angeles, California  90045   
200  EDENVALE  AVENUE  HOTEL  OPERATOR  LLC Hayes Mansion San Jose, CA 200 Edenvale Avenue, San Jose, California  95136   
CLK1 La Jolla LLC Hotel La Jolla, CA 7955 La Jolla Shores Drive, La Jolla, California  92037   
SCM Pismo Beach Hotel LLC Inn at the Pier Pismo Beach, CA 601 Cypress St, Pismo Beach, California  93449   
HP LQ Holdings 1 LP La Quinta Resort & Club, CA 49-499 Eisenhower Drive, La Quinta, California  92253   
HOTEL AVA LLC The Ava Hotel Paso Robles, CA 944 Pine Street, Paso Robles, California  93446   
California Fruit Building LLC The Exchange Sacramento, CA 1006 4th Street, Sacramento, California  95814   
950 Hotel Property LLC Timbri Hotel San Francisco, CA 33 Turk St, San Francisco, California  94102   
 
COLORADO 
BD 550 VILLAGE LLC Hotel Alpenrock Breckenridge, CO 550 Village Road, Breckenridge, Colorado  80424   
The ART LLC The ART Hotel Denver, CO 1201 Broadway, Denver, Colorado  80203   
 
CONNECTICUT 
Madison Beach Hotel of Florida LLC Madison, CT 94 West Wharf Road, Madison, Connecticut  6443   
 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
Armature Works Hotel TRS LLC The Morrow Washington DC 222 M Street NE, Washington DC, District of Columbia  20002   

EXHIBIT A 
FLORIDA 
BC Key Largo TRS LLC Baker's Cay Key Largo Resort, FL 97000 Overseas Highway, Key Largo, Florida  33037   
Marathon Two Hospitality Holdings LLC Faro Blanco Resort Marathon Florida Keys, FL 1996 Overseas Highway, Marathon, Florida  33050   
Collins Hotel Associates LLC Gale South Beach, FL 1690 Collins Avenue, Miami Beach, Florida  33139   
MHF  Las  Olas  Operating  VI  LLC Hotel Maren Fort Lauderdale Beach, FL 525 S Fort Lauderdale Beach Blvd, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida  33316   
Sunseeker Resort Owner LLC Sunseeker Resort Florida Gulf Coast, FL 5500 Sunseeker Way, Charlotte Harbor, Florida  33980   
Gulfview Lodging LLP The Hiatus Clearwater Beach, Curio Collection by Hilton, FL 385 S. Gulfview Blvd., Clearwater Beach, Florida  33767   
Delray Hotel Owner LLC The Ray Hotel Delray Beach, FL 233 NE 2nd Ave, Delray Beach, Florida  33444   
CCHI Singer Island LLC The Singer Oceanfront Resort, Curio Collection by Hilton, FL 3700 North Ocean Drive, Riviera Beach, Florida  33404   
NRI Real Token Tenant LLC THesis Hotel Miami Coral Gables, FL 1350 S. Dixie Hwy, Coral Gables, Florida  33146   
Boca Hotel Owner LLC Waterstone Resort & Marina Boca Raton, FL 999 East Camino Real, Boca Raton, Florida  33432   
 
GEORGIA 
REM Associates LLLP Candler Hotel Atlanta, GA 127 Peachtree Street NE, Atlanta, Georgia  30303   
McLemore Resort Manager LLC Cloudland at McLemore Resort Lookout Mountain, GA 243 Cloudland Drive, Rising Fawn, Georgia  30738   
7 Drayton Street Hotel LLC The Drayton Hotel Savannah, GA 7 Drayton Street, Savannah, Georgia  31401   
PDOF Alpharetta LLC The Hamilton Alpharetta, GA 35 Milton Avenue, Alpharetta, Georgia  30009   
Partridge Inn Owner LLC The Partridge Inn Augusta, GA 2110 Walton Way, Augusta, Georgia  30904   
HOTEL ATL MIDTOWN LLC The Starling Atlanta Midtown, GA 188 14th St NE, Atlanta, Georgia  30361   
 
ILLINOIS 
LondonHouse Chicago Leaseco LLC LondonHouse Chicago, IL 85 E Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois  60601   
ACRON Navy Pier Hotel LLC Sable at Navy Pier Chicago, IL 900 E Grand, Chicago, Illinois  60611   
 
IOWA 
Janssen Lodging Inc. Hotel Fort Des Moines, IA 1000 Walnut Street, Des Moines, Iowa  50309   
 
KENTUCKY 
TruVine Derby City LLC Hotel Bourre Bonne Louisville, KY 133 West Market Street, Louisville, Kentucky  40202   
RB Lexington LLC The Campbell House Lexington, KY 1375 South Broadway Road, Lexington, Kentucky  40504   
 
LOUISIANA 
World War II Theatre Inc. The Higgins Hotel New Orleans, LA 1000 Magazine Street, New Orleans, Louisiana  70130   
 
 

EXHIBIT A 
MASSACHUSETTS 
Back Street Boston Holdings LLC Pennyweight Hotel Boston, MA 155 Portland Street, Boston, Massachusetts  2114   
 
MICHIGAN 
Amway Hotel Corporation Amway Grand Plaza, Grand Rapids, MI 187 Monroe NW, Grand Rapids, Michigan  49503   
Woodward Brown Ventures LLC Daxton Hotel Birmingham, MI 298 S Old Woodward Ave, Birmingham, Michigan  48009   
Godfrey Detroit PropCo LLC. The Godfrey Detroit, MI 1401 Michigan Avenue, Detroit, Michigan  48216   
 
MINNESOTA 
THG Marquette Property LLC The Marquette Hotel, Minneapolis MN 710 Marquette Avenue, Minneapolis, Minnesota  0   
 
MISSOURI 
Phillips Hotel Owner LLC Hotel Phillips Kansas City, MO 106 W 12th Street, Kansas City, Missouri  64105   
USH Master Tenant LLC St. Louis Union Station Hotel, MO 1820 Market St., St Louis, Missouri  63103   
 
NEBRASKA 
203 S 18th ST PROPCO LLC The Peregrine Omaha Downtown, NE 203 S 18th St., Omaha, Nebraska  68102   
 
NEVADA 
JC  Hospitality  LLC Virgin Hotels Las Vegas, NV 4455 Paradise Road, Las Vegas, Nevada  89169   
 
NEW MEXICO 
KLG 31 LLC Hotel Andaluz Albuquerque, NM 125 2nd St. NW, Albuquerque, New Mexico  87102   
 
NEW YORK 
Roedel Partners of Saranac Lake II LLC Hotel Saranac, NY 100 Main Street, Saranac Lake, New York  12983   
WDCO NYC Martinque Hotel, LLC Martinique New York on Broadway, Curio Collection by Hilton 49 W 32nd Street, New York City, New York  10001   
Skaneateles Lodge LLC Skaneateles Fields Resort & Spa, NY 1000 Mottville Road, Skaneateles, New York  13152   
 
NORTH CAROLINA 
Encore Ashville TOP L.L.C. The Foundry Hotel, Asheville, NC 51 South Market Street, Asheville, North Carolina  28801   
 
OHIO 
601 Vine Hotel LLC The Cincinnatian Hotel, OH 601 Vine Street, Cincinnati, Ohio  45202   
 

EXHIBIT A 
OKLAHOMA 
Colcord Hotel OKC LLC Colcord Hotel Oklahoma City, OK 15 North Robinson Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma  73102   
TCB Hospitality LLC Tulsa Club Hotel, OK 115 East 5th Street, Tulsa, Oklahoma  74103   
 
OREGON 
Benson Hotel Limited Partnership The Benson Portland, OR 309 SW Broadway, Portland, Oregon  97205   
Oxford Portland Leasco LLC The Porter Portland, OR 1355 SW 2nd Ave., Portland, Oregon  97201   
 
PENNSYLVANIA 
453 ALLIES BOULEVARD HOTEL LENDER LLC Joinery Hotel Pittsburgh, PA 453 Boulevard of the Allies, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania  15219   
CCFS Philadelphia LLC The Logan Philadelphia One Logan Square, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania  19103   
 
SOUTH CAROLINA 
Charleston Mills House Lessee  LLC Mills House Charleston, SC 115 Meeting Street, Charleston, South Carolina  29401   
 
SOUTH DAKOTA 
Cortez LLC Hotel Alex Johnson Rapid City, SD 523 Sixth Street, Rapid City, South Dakota  57701   
 
TENNESSEE 
GS Nashville Hotel Owner LLC Hotel Fraye Nashville, TN 1810 Broadway, Nashville, Tennessee  37203   
Central Station Master Tenant LLC The Central Station Memphis, Curio Collection by Hilton 545 South Main, Memphis, Tennessee  38103   
CHATTANOOGAN  LLC The Chattanoogan Hotel, TN 1201 Broad Street, Chattanooga, Tennessee  37402   
KW Franklin Hotel Partners LLC The Harpeth Franklin Downtown, TN 130 2nd Avenue North, Franklin, Tennessee  37064   
 
 
TEXAS 
Zhejiang Blossom Tourism Group Houston LLC Blossom Hotel Houston, TX 7118 Bertner Ave, Houston, Texas  77030   
BOP Houston Hotel TRS LLC C. Baldwin, Curio Collection by Hilton, TX 400 Dallas Street, Houston, Texas  0   
Leonard Hotel RE, LLC HALL Arts Hotel Dallas, TX 1717 Leonard St., Dallas, Texas  75201   
LCP  Highland  SPE  LLC The Highland Dallas, TX 5300 E Mockingbird Lane, Dallas, Texas  75206   
1914 Commerce Leasing LLC The Statler Dallas, TX 1914 Commerce St, Dallas, Texas  75201   
ACF II Woodlands Resort LLC The Woodlands┬« Resort, TX 2301 N Millbend Dr., The Woodlands, Texas  77380   
UTAH 
Cliffrose Lodge LLC Cliffrose Springdale, UT 281 Zion Park Blvd, Springdale, Utah  84767   
Hotel Moab LLC Hoodoo Moab, UT 111 N. 100 West, Moab, Utah  84532   

EXHIBIT A 
VERMONT 
DiamondRock Burlington Tenant LLC Burlington, VT 60 Battery Street, Burlington, Vermont  5401   
 
VIRGINIA 
Hotel Roanoke L.L.C Hotel Roanoke & Conference Center,Curio Collection by Hilton 110 Shenandoah Avenue, Roanoke, Virginia   
Virginian Hotel LLC The Virginian Lynchburg, VA 712 Church Street, Lynchburg, Virginia  24504   
 
WASHINGTON 
DC Seattle 1 Operations LLC The Charter Hotel Seattle, WA 1610 2nd Avenue, Seattle, Washington  98101   
Holdings of James Michael Keenan The Chrysalis Inn & Spa Bellingham, WA 804 10th St, Bellingham, Washington  98225   
 
PUERTO RICO 
Hostal El Convento S en CSE Palacio Provincial San Juan, Curio Collection by Hilton 103 San Francisco Street, San Juan, Puerto Rico   
 
Signed but not yet Open 
 
CALIFORNIA 
Pacifica Companies LLC Grover Beach Hotel, CA 55 West Grand Ave, Grover Beach, California  93433   
VK Properties LLC Hotel Fremont, CA 47031 Kato Rd., Fremont, California  94538   
TV Old Town LP Hotel Temecula, CA 41950 4th St., Temecula, California  92592   
LANDWIN DMV LLC The Jordan San Gabriel, CA 111 West Valley Blvd, San Gabriel, California  91776   
 
CONNECTICUT 
TR West Main Street LLC The Delahaye Hotel Stamford, CT 300 Main Street, Stamford, Connecticut  6901   
 
DELAWARE 
Belhaven Investments Inc. Belhaven Hotel Rehoboth Beach Oceanfront, DE 2 Rehoboth Avenue, Rehoboth Beach, Delaware  19971   
 
FLORIDA 
Sunseeker Resort Owner LLC Sunsuites Villas at Sunseeker Resort, Curio by Hilton 5500 Sunseeker Way, Charlotte Harbor, Florida  33980   
Newport Hospitality LLC FL The Sunny Miami Sunny Isles Beach, FL 16701 Collins Ave., Sunny Isles Beach, Florida  33160   
 
GEORGIA 
East River Street LLC The Hotel Anne Savannah, GA NWQ of East River Street Bay Stre, Savannah, Georgia  31401   
 

EXHIBIT A 
HAWAII 
Silverwest HHK Hotel LLC The Lodge at Hokuala Kauai, HI 3351 Ho├óΓé¼Γäóolaulea Way, Lihue, Hawaii  96766   
 
ILLINOIS 
Hudson Michigan Avenue Owner LLC Hudson Hotel Chicago South Loop, IL 2222 S Michigan Ave, Chicago, Illinois  60616   
NDR 19 South LaSalle LLC The LaSalle Hotel, IL 19 South LaSalle Street, Chicago, Illinois  60603   
 
INDIANA 
Butler Hotel Ventures LLC Indianapolis Butler University, IN 629 W Hampton Dr, Indianapolis, Indiana  46208   
 
MASSACHUSETTS 
The Coolidge Hotel at Brookline LLC The Coolidge Hotel at Brookline, MA 10 Waldo St., Brookline, Massachusetts  2466   
Railyard Hotel LLC The Strider Hotel Boston, MA 180 Guest Street, Boston, Massachusetts  2135   
 
MICHIGAN 
Broadway Partners LLC Broadway Park Hotel Ann Arbor, MI 841 Broadway St, Ann Arbor, Michigan  48105   
 
NEW YORK 
SYRACUSE LODGING ASSOCIATES LLC Syracuse, NY 300 Block of S. Warren Street (43.0, Syracuse, New York  13202   
 
NORTH CAROLINA 
212 Charlotte Master Tenant LLC Charlotte Uptown, NC 212 S Tyron Street, Charlotte, North Carolina  28281   
Quality Oil Company LLC Oberlin Hotel Raleigh, NC 501 Woodburn Road, Raleigh, North Carolina  27605   
 
SOUTH CAROLINA 
Palmetto Hospitality of Spartanburg II LLC Spartanburg Downtown, SC 187 W. Main St., Spartanburg, South Carolina  29306   
 
TENNESSEE 
Iris Hospitality 1 LLC The Lodge at Tennessee Tazewell, TN 1201 Owen Payne Lane, Tazewell, Tennessee  37879   
 
TEXAS 
Armour Hotel LLC Armour Hotel Stockyards Fort Worth, TX NEQ of Exchange Rd and Niles City B, Fort Worth, Texas  76164   
BARONS  CREEK  II  LLC Seven Hills Hotel & Conference Center, TX Intersection of Hwy 87 and Hwy 290, Fredericksburg, Texas  78624   
RH RA7 Hotel Austin QOZB LLC The Hotel Austin, TX NEQ of Parmer Ln and Innovar Circle, Austin, Texas  78754   
Zachry Park Hotel QOZB LLC The Monarch San Antonio, TX 222 S Alamo Street, San Antonio, Texas  78205   

EXHIBIT A 
Hesperus Austin Group LP Waterloo Park Hotel Austin, TX 1201 Red River St, Austin, Texas  78731   
 
UTAH 
Wittwer Management L.L.C. St. George Hotel, UT 185 E St. George Blvd, St. George, Utah  84770   
 
LOUISIANA 
Louisiana Riverboat Gaming Company , LLC Live Casino & Hotel Louisiana, LA 711 Live Casino Blvd, Bossier City, Louisiana  71111   
 
VIRGINIA 
J River 699 Prince Street LLC Hotel Heron Alexandria Old Town, VA 699 Prince St, Alexandria, Virginia  22314   
 
PUERTO RICO 
Condado Ocean Partners L.L.C., San Juan Condado Plaza, 999 Ashford Avenue, San Juan, Puerto Rico  00907 
 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT B 

EXHIBIT B 
Curio 
 
FLORIDA 
CGI 640 OCEAN MANAGEMENT, LP, The Gabriel Miami South Beach, FL, 801 Brickell Avenue, Suite 2500, Miami, FL  33131, 
786-581-4800 
 
NEBRASKA 
18th Street Omaha, LLC, The Peregrine Omaha Downtown, NE, 1290 West Spring Street SE, Smyrna, GA  30080, 404-668-5421 
 
TEXAS 
Leonard Hotel RE, LLC, HALL Arts Hotel Dallas, TX, 2323 Ross Avenue, Suite 200, Dallas, TX  75201, 214-269-9541 
BL R Owner LLC, The Woodlands Resort, TX, 11777 San Vicente Blvd., #900, Los Angeles, CA  90049, 818-400-0688 
 
UTAH 
Hotel Moab II, LLC, Casitas at the Hoodoo Moab, UT, 7000 Walkabout Ranch Road, Moab, UT  84532, 303-588-1119 
 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT C 

Hilton Franchise Holding LLC 
Financial Statements 
For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 


Hilton Franchise Holding LLC
Index to Financial Statements
Page No.
Report of Independent Auditor 1
Financial Statements
Balance Sheets 3
Statements of Comprehensive Income and MemberΓÇÖs Equity 4
Statements of Cash Flows 5
Notes to Financial Statements 6

cbh.com
 
 
Report of Independent Auditor 
 
 
To the Member 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC 
McLean, Virginia 
 
 
Opinion 
We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Hilton Franchise Holding LLC (the ΓÇ£CompanyΓÇ¥) which 
comprise the balance sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related statements of comprehensive 
income and memberΓÇÖs equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, and the 
related notes to the financial statements. 
 
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows 
for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America. 
 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing st andards generally accepted in the United States of 
America. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the AuditorΓÇÖs Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and 
to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion. 
 
Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair pr esentation of the financial statements in accordance 
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation, 
and maintenance of internal control relevant to the pre paration and fair presentation of financial statements that 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, 
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the CompanyΓÇÖs ability to continue as a going 
concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued. 
 
AuditorΓÇÖs Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about  whether the financial statem ents as a whole are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditorΓÇÖs report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and, therefore, is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material 
misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 
for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or 
the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if t here is a substantial likelihood that, 
individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the 
financial statements. 
  

 
 
In performing an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, we: 
∩é╖ Exercise professional judgment and maintain  professional skepticism throughout the audit. 
∩é╖ Identify and assess the risks of ma terial misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, and design and perform audit procedures resp onsive to those risks. Such procedures include 
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
∩é╖ Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness 
of the CompanyΓÇÖs internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 
∩é╖ Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policie s used and the reasonableness of significant 
accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial 
statements. 
∩é╖ Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise 
substantial doubt about the CompanyΓÇÖs ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of 
time. 
 
We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control related matters that 
we identified during the audits. 
 
 
 
 
Tysons Corner, Virginia 
March 18, 2026 


Hilton Franchise Holding LLC
Balance Sheets
(in thousands)
December 31,
2025 2024
ASSETS
Current Assets:
Cash $ 671 $ 317 
Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of $12,543 and $10,411  135,003  135,970 
Due from Hilton affiliates related to franchise deposits  18,232  18,498 
Financing receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $1 and $3,375  185  11,438 
Other receivables due from Hilton affiliates  611,550  703,943 
Other  293  2,346 
Total current assets  765,934  872,512 
Non-current Assets:
Franchise contracts, net  477,506  392,748 
Financing receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $3,842 and $412  24,394  4,626 
Other  1,360  11 
Total non-current assets  503,260  397,385 
TOTAL ASSETS $ 1,269,194 $ 1,269,897 
LIABILITIES AND MEMBER'S EQUITY
Current Liabilities:
Franchise deposits $ 18,232 $ 18,498 
Current intercompany payables  4,450  89,994 
Current portion of deferred revenues  44,920  41,598 
Current franchise contract acquisition costs payable  31,175  17,120 
Other  619  400 
Total current liabilities  99,396  167,610 
Deferred revenues  540,831  517,282 
Franchise contract acquisition costs payable  24,825  8,000 
Total liabilities  665,052  692,892 
Commitments and contingencies - see Note 7
Member's Equity:
Contributed capital  310,000  310,000 
Retained earnings  567,745  528,936 
Due from Hilton affiliates  (273,637)  (261,959) 
Accumulated other comprehensive income  34  28 
Total memberΓÇÖs equity  604,142  577,005 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND MEMBER'S EQUITY $ 1,269,194 $ 1,269,897 
See notes to financial statements.
3

Hilton Franchise Holding LLC
Statements of Comprehensive Income and MemberΓÇÖs Equity
(in thousands)
Year Ended December 31,
2025 2024 2023
Revenues
Franchise royalty fees $ 1,502,299 $ 1,434,453 $ 1,331,169 
Franchise sales and change of ownership fees  52,254  49,340  43,294 
Franchise termination fees and other  5,514  18,276  2,434 
Total revenues  1,560,067  1,502,069  1,376,897 
Expenses
Operating expenses  1,475  1,354  861 
Provision for credit losses  2,383  6,248  4,430 
Amortization  6,121  3,751  414 
Other expenses  3,215  ΓÇö  ΓÇö 
Total expenses  13,194  11,353  5,705 
Operating income  1,546,873  1,490,716  1,371,192 
Non-operating income (loss), net  3,225  (2,733)  1,217 
Income before taxes  1,550,098  1,487,983  1,372,409 
Foreign tax expense  (694)  (412)  (128) 
Net income  1,549,404  1,487,571  1,372,281 
Other comprehensive income:
Currency translation adjustment  6  28  1 
Total other comprehensive income  6  28  1 
Comprehensive income $ 1,549,410 $ 1,487,599 $ 1,372,282 
MemberΓÇÖs equity, beginning of year(1) $ 577,005 $ 616,454 $ 662,063 
Comprehensive income  1,549,410  1,487,599  1,372,282 
Distribution of retained earnings to Hilton affiliates  (1,510,595)  (1,500,000)  (1,400,000) 
Increase in due from Hilton affiliates  (11,678)  (27,048)  (17,891) 
MemberΓÇÖs equity, end of year $ 604,142 $ 577,005 $ 616,454 
____________
(1)  For additional information on the components of member's equity, including the activity during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, see 
Note 8: Related Party Transactions.
See notes to financial statements.
4

Hilton Franchise Holding LLC
Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands)
Year Ended December 31,
2025 2024 2023
Operating Activities:
Net income $ 1,549,404 $ 1,487,571 $ 1,372,281 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating 
activities:
Amortization of contract acquisition costs  20,128  16,053  12,897 
Amortization expenses  6,121  3,751  414 
Franchise contract acquisition costs, net of refunds  (91,692)  (81,063)  (37,185) 
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable, net  967  (7,971)  (5,787) 
Other receivables due from Hilton affiliates  92,393  64,535  30,383 
Other current assets  2,053  (2,269)  (54) 
Other current liabilities  219  5  10 
Change in other non-current assets  (1,349)  (7)  85 
Change in deferred revenues  26,871  34,651  46,130 
Change in other long-term liabilities  ΓÇö  (5,568)  5,405 
Change in due from Hilton affiliates related to franchise 
   deposits  266  387  (73) 
Change in franchise deposits  (266)  (387)  73 
Change in current intercompany payables  (240)  4,690  ΓÇö 
Other  2,632  2,382  (1,470) 
Net cash provided by operating activities  1,607,507  1,516,760  1,423,109 
Investing Activities:
Acquisition of franchise contract intangible assets  ΓÇö  (85,304)  ΓÇö 
Payments received on financing receivables  372  5,254  ΓÇö 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  372  (80,050)  ΓÇö 
Financing Activities:
Issuance (repayment) of short-term note  (85,304)  85,304  ΓÇö 
Distribution of retained earnings to Hilton affiliates  (1,510,595)  (1,500,000)  (1,400,000) 
Increase in due from Hilton affiliates  (11,678)  (27,048)  (17,891) 
Net cash used in financing activities  (1,607,577)  (1,441,744)  (1,417,891) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash  52  3  31 
Net increase (decrease) in cash  354  (5,031)  5,249 
Cash, beginning of year  317  5,348  99 
Cash, end of year $ 671 $ 317 $ 5,348 
See notes to financial statements.
5

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Note 1: Organization 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC ("we," "us," "our" or the "Company") is a Delaware limited liability corporation that was 
formed on September 12, 2007 and began operations on October 11, 2007. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilton 
Domestic Operating Company Inc. (the "Parent"), whose equity is indirectly held by Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. 
("Hilton"). The Company is a franchisor of the Hilton family of brands within the United States ("U.S."), territories of the U.S. 
and Thailand for franchise contracts executed or amended subsequent to October 24, 2007.
We license intellectual property ("IP"), including brand names, trademarks and service marks, from a wholly owned 
affiliate of Hilton on a royalty free basis and then license the use of this IP to third-party hotel owners under long-term franchise 
contracts.
Note 2: Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Basis of Presentation
Use of Estimates
Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that 
affect the amounts reported and, accordingly, ultimate results could differ from those estimates.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Revenue Recognition 
Revenues are primarily derived from franchise contracts with third-party hotel owners. Our primary performance 
obligation in connection with these franchise contracts is related to IP licenses, which grant the right to access our IP, including 
brand IP, reservations systems and property management systems. This performance obligation is considered to be a series of 
distinct services transferred over time, for which we receive variable consideration through our franchise royalty fees. While the 
underlying activities may vary from day to day, the nature of the commitments are the same each day, and the hotel owner can 
independently benefit from each day's services. We may also receive fixed consideration in connection with other types of fees, 
which usually represent an insignificant portion of the transaction price. We allocate the variable fees to the distinct services to 
which they relate by applying the prescribed variable consideration allocation guidance, and we allocate fixed consideration to 
the related performance obligations based on their estimated standalone selling prices. The terms of the fees earned under the 
contracts relate to a specific outcome of providing the services (e.g., hotel room sales) to satisfy the performance obligations. 
Using time as a measure of progress, we recognize fee revenue in the period earned per the terms of the contracts. We do not 
estimate revenues expected to be recognized related to our unsatisfied performance obligations for our royalty fees since they 
are considered sales-based royalty fees recognized as hotel room sales occur in exchange for licenses of our IP over the terms of 
the franchise contracts. We do not typically include extended payment terms in our contracts with customers.
Our revenues consist of the following:
ΓÇó Franchise royalty fees are generally based on a percentage of the hotel's monthly gross room revenue and, in some 
cases, may also include a percentage of gross food and beverage revenues and other revenues, as applicable. These 
fees are typically billed and collected monthly, and revenue is generally recognized as services are provided. 
ΓÇó Franchise sales and change of ownership fees include application, initiation and other fees that are charged when: (i) 
new hotels enter our system; (ii) there is a change of ownership of a hotel; or (iii) contracts with hotels already in our 
system are extended. These fees are typically fixed and collected upfront and are recognized as revenue over the term 
of the franchise contract. We do not consider this advance consideration to include a significant financing component, 
since it is used to protect us from the hotel owner failing to adequately complete some or all of its obligations under 
the contract, including establishing and maintaining the hotel in accordance with our standards.
ΓÇó Franchise termination fees are charged in connection with the termination of a franchise contract by the hotel owner. 
We generally recognize termination fees in the period in which the payment is received as there usually is no further 
6

service to be provided and due to the uncertainty of collection associated with the termination of the relationship with 
the hotel owner.
Accounts Receivable and Financing Receivables
Our accounts receivable primarily consist of amounts due from the hotel owners with whom we have franchise contracts. 
Our financing receivables consist of loans made to certain owners of franchised hotels. 
Allowance for Credit Losses
An allowance for credit losses is provided on both accounts receivable and financing receivables. Our expected credit 
losses are estimated as of the date of the balance sheet, assuming that conditions existing at that time will not change for the 
remaining life of the asset, and are based on historical collection activity, the nature of the financial instrument, geographic 
considerations and current and forecasted business conditions.
Franchise Contracts 
We capitalize consideration paid to incentivize hotel owners to enter into franchise contracts with us as contract acquisition 
costs and, together with other incremental costs to obtain franchise contracts, both of which are generally fixed, as franchise 
contracts, net in our balance sheet. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded franchise contract intangible assets 
related to the acquisition of the Graduate brand, which will be amortized over an estimated useful life of 15 years (refer to Note 
3: "Acquisition" for additional information). Franchise contracts are amortized using the straight-line method over their 
respective estimated useful lives, which is the contract term, generally including any extension periods that are at our sole 
option, and are generally 10 to 20 years. Amortization begins on the opening date of the hotel to which the franchise contract 
relates or the contract execution date, whichever is later. Amortization of franchise contract acquisition costs is recognized as a 
reduction to franchise royalty fees and amortization of costs to obtain franchise contracts is recognized as amortization expense 
in our statement of comprehensive income and member's equity. Cash flows for both contract acquisition costs and costs to 
obtain a contract are included as operating activities in our statement of cash flows. Cash flows for acquired franchise contracts 
are included as investing activities in our statement of cash flows. We evaluate the carrying value of our franchise contracts for 
indicators of impairment, and, if such indicators exist, we perform an analysis to determine the recoverability of the carrying 
value of the asset group by comparing the expected undiscounted future cash flows to the net carrying value of the asset group. 
If the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable and it exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset group, we 
recognize an impairment loss in our statement of comprehensive income and member's equity for the amount by which the 
carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value. We allocate the impairment loss related to the asset group among the various 
assets within the asset group pro rata based on the relative carrying values of the respective assets.
Franchise Deposits 
Franchise deposits represent application, initiation and other fees that are collected at the time a hotel owner applies for a 
franchise license. These amounts are recorded as a current liability until the fees become non-refundable, at which time they are 
reclassified to deferred revenues. In certain cases, if the franchise application is not approved, the fee is recorded as an other 
current liability in our balance sheet until it is refunded to the applicant, less processing fees, if applicable. 
Contract Liabilities
Contract liabilities relate to non-refundable advance consideration received from hotel owners for application, initiation 
and other fees reclassified from franchise deposits. This consideration received from hotel owners is recognized over the term 
of the related contract. Our contract liabilities are presented as deferred revenues in our balance sheet.
Fair Value Measurements - Valuation Hierarchy
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants on the measurement date (i.e., an exit price). We use the three-level valuation hierarchy 
for classification of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation 
of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in 
pricing an asset or liability. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions 
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent 
sources. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect our own assumptions about the data market participants would use in 
7

pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available to us in the specific circumstances. The three-tier 
hierarchy of inputs is summarized below:
ΓÇó Level 1 - Valuation is based upon quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.
ΓÇó Level 2 - Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, or other inputs that 
are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the instrument.
ΓÇó Level 3 - Valuation is based upon other unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value measurement.
The classification of assets and liabilities within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is 
significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Proper classification of fair value measurements within the valuation 
hierarchy is considered each reporting period. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methods may have a 
material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.
Estimates of the fair values of our financial instruments and nonfinancial assets are determined using available market 
information and appropriate valuation methods. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop the 
estimated fair values and the classification within the valuation hierarchy. We have not elected the fair value measurement 
option for any of our financial assets or liabilities.
Acquisitions
We make certain judgments to determine whether a transaction should be accounted for as a business combination or an 
asset acquisition. These judgments include the assessment of the inputs, processes and outputs associated with an acquired set 
of activities and whether the fair value of total assets acquired is concentrated to a single identifiable asset or group of similar 
assets. We account for a transaction as a business combination when the assets acquired include inputs and one or more 
substantive processes that, together, significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs and substantially all of the total fair 
value of the assets acquired is not concentrated to a single identifiable asset or group of similar assets. Otherwise, we account 
for the transaction as an asset acquisition.
When a transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition, we allocate the cost of the acquisition, including direct and 
incremental transaction costs, to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their relative fair values. We do 
not recognize any goodwill in an asset acquisition.
Note 3: Acquisition
In May 2024, we completed the acquisition of Graduate franchise contracts, as part of the larger Hilton acquisition of the 
Graduate brand, and accounted for the transaction as an asset acquisition. As a result, we recorded franchise contract intangible 
assets at their cost of approximately $85 million.
Note 4: Franchise Contracts 
Franchise contracts, net was as follows:
December 31, 2025
Gross 
Carrying 
Value
Accumulated 
Amortization
Net Carrying 
Value
(in thousands)
Contract acquisition costs $ 486,558 $ (89,436) $ 397,122 
Franchise contract intangible assets acquired  85,304  (9,005)  76,299 
Costs to obtain contracts  7,259  (3,174)  4,085 
$ 579,121 $ (101,615) $ 477,506 
8

December 31, 2024
Gross 
Carrying 
Value
Accumulated 
Amortization
Net Carrying 
Value
(in thousands)
Contract acquisition costs $ 376,063 $ (69,820) $ 306,243 
Franchise contract intangible assets acquired  85,304  (3,317)  81,987 
Costs to obtain contracts  7,259  (2,741)  4,518 
$ 468,626 $ (75,878) $ 392,748 
Amortization of our franchise contracts was as follows:
Year Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023
(in thousands)
Recognized as a reduction of franchise royalty fees $ 20,128 $ 16,053 $ 12,897 
Recognized in amortization expense  6,121  3,751  414 
Note 5: Fair Value Measurements
The fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are estimated to be equal to their carrying values as of December 31, 
2025 and 2024.
Note 6: Income Taxes 
Certain U.S. territories require the taxation of payments made for franchise licensing and certain other fees to foreign 
domiciled entities, which includes those in the U.S. The taxation rates for these payments vary by jurisdiction and in some cases 
may be exempt from any withholding taxes based on cross-jurisdictional tax relief agreements. In circumstances where we are 
subject to a tax on payments made for franchise licensing and certain other fees, the franchisee is responsible for the 
withholding and remittance of these foreign taxes to the local taxing authority. Taxes related to franchise fees are presented as 
foreign tax expense in our statements of comprehensive income and memberΓÇÖs equity. Taxes that have been withheld that have 
not been remitted to the local taxing authority are presented as other current liabilities in our balance sheets.
No provision is made in our accounts for U.S. income taxes because for U.S. income tax purposes, we are treated as a 
disregarded entity and all items of taxable income and expense are included in the computation of taxable income of Hilton. 
The results of operations reflected in the accompanying statements of comprehensive income and member's equity may differ 
from amounts reported in Hilton's federal income tax returns because of differences in accounting policies adopted for financial 
and tax reporting purposes.
Note 7: Commitments and Contingencies 
Certain of Hilton's debt obligations, which mature from 2027 to 2034, are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
certain Hilton direct or indirect wholly owned material domestic subsidiaries, which includes us. All of our assets and franchise 
contracts have been pledged as collateral for the term of the debt agreements. We did not record a guarantee liability related to 
these guarantees as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 due to the nature of the parent and subsidiary relationship between us and 
Hilton. 
From time to time, we are involved in various claims and lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business, some of which 
could include claims for substantial sums. While the ultimate results of claims and litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, 
we expect that the ultimate resolution of all pending or threatened claims and litigation as of December 31, 2025 will not have a 
material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
Note 8: Related Party Transactions 
We maintain intercompany balances with Hilton affiliates, which are the result of Hilton's centralized cash management 
system, which is not controlled by us. One of these balances relates to franchise deposits, which are collected on our behalf by 
Hilton affiliates and deposited into a lockbox account to which we have no access. Amounts due from Hilton affiliates related to 
franchise deposits, if any, are reflected as an asset and are payable to us upon demand. The amounts due from Hilton affiliates 
9

include certain receivables from related parties that are repaid through periodic settlements with simultaneous distributions of 
our retained earnings to Parent. We expect to continue to settle certain amounts due from Hilton affiliates, with amounts that are 
expected to be settled within twelve months from the date of the balance sheet recorded as current assets. These amounts are 
classified as other receivables due from Hilton affiliates. Amounts due from Hilton affiliates that are not expected to be repaid 
are reflected as a component of member's equity.
During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we settled $1.5 billion, $1.5 billion and $1.4 billion of other 
receivables due from Hilton affiliates, respectively, and simultaneously distributed $1.5 billion, $1.5 billion and $1.4 billion of 
our retained earnings to Parent, respectively. These settlements of other receivables due from Hilton affiliates are presented as 
operating activities and the distributions of retained earnings are presented as financing activities in our statements of cash 
flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, as discussed in Note 3: "Acquisition," as part of the acquisition of the Graduate 
brand, we recorded franchise contract intangible assets. The payment for the franchise contract intangible assets acquired was 
made by an affiliate of ours, and therefore, we recognized a short-term note payable for the value of the assets acquired by us, 
which was recorded as current intercompany payables on our balance sheet and settled in February 2025, including accrued 
interest.
We have an operator agreement with a Hilton affiliate which entitles the Hilton affiliate to receive a reasonable fee as 
compensation to be established from time to time. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, no compensation 
was provided to the Hilton affiliate.
Note 9: Subsequent Events 
We have evaluated all subsequent events through March 18, 2026, the date that the financial statements were available to 
be issued. 
10

EXHIBIT D 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
Brand Codes Used in the Franchise Agreement
 
 
 
Apartment Collection by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AQ
 
 
Canopy by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PY
 
 
Curio Collection by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
QQ
 
 
DoubleTree by Hilton/DoubleTree Suites by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
DT
 
 
Embassy Suites by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ES
 
 
Graduate by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GU
 
 
Hampton Inn by Hilton/Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton
 
 
 
 
HAM
 
 
Hilton Hotels & Resorts
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HFS
 
 
Hilton Garden Inn
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HGI
 
 
Home2 Suites by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
H2
 
 
Homewood Suites by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HWS
 
 
LivSmart Studios by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EY
 
 
LXR Hotels & Resorts
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OL
 
 
Motto by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UAB
 
 
Outset Collection by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ID
 
 
Spark by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PE
 
 
Tapestry by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UP
 
 
Tempo by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PO
 
 
Tru by Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RU
 
 
Undergraduate by 
Hilton
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
U
D
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
 
 
 
 
 
 
[
ENTER HOTEL NAME AND CITY/STATE HERE
]
 
 
 

 
i
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 
1.0
 
DEFINITIONS
 
................................
................................
................................
................................
..
 
4
 
2.0
 
GRANT OF LICENSE
 
................................
................................
................................
....................
 
11
 
2.1
 
Non
-
Exclusive License
 
................................
................................
................................
......
 
11
 
2.2
 
Reserved Rights
 
................................
................................
................................
................
 
11
 
2.3
 
Restricted Area Provision
 
................................
................................
................................
.
 
11
 
3.0
 
TERM
 
................................
................................
................................
................................
.............
 
11
 
4.0
 
OUR RESPONSIBILITIES
 
................................
................................
................................
.............
 
12
 
4.1
 
Training
 
................................
................................
................................
.............................
 
12
 
4.2
 
Reservation Service
 
................................
................................
................................
..........
 
12
 
4.3
 
Consultation
 
................................
................................
................................
......................
 
12
 
4.4
 
Marketing
 
................................
................................
................................
..........................
 
12
 
4.5
 
Inspections/Compliance Assistance
 
................................
................................
.................
 
13
 
4.6
 
Manual
 
................................
................................
................................
..............................
 
13
 
4.7
 
Equipment and Supplies
 
................................
................................
................................
...
 
13
 
5.0
 
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
 
................................
................................
................................
...........
 
13
 
5.1
 
Operational and Other Requirements
 
................................
................................
...............
 
13
 
5.2
 
Room Rates and Pricing
 
................................
................................
................................
...
 
16
 
6.0
 
HOTEL WORK
 
................................
................................
................................
...............................
 
17
 
6.1
 
Necessary Consents
 
................................
................................
................................
.........
 
17
 
6.2
 
Initial Hotel Work
 
................................
................................
................................
...............
 
17
 
6.3
 
Commencement and Completion of the Hotel Work
 
................................
........................
 
17
 
6.4
 
Opening the Hotel
 
................................
................................
................................
.............
 
18
 
6.5
 
Performance of Agreement
 
................................
................................
...............................
 
19
 
6.6
 
Hotel Refurbishment and Room Addition
................................
................................
..........
 
19
 
7.0
 
MANAGEMENT OF THE HOTEL
 
................................
................................
................................
..
 
19
 
8.0
 
PAYMENT OF FEES
 
................................
................................
................................
.....................
 
20
 
8.1
 
Monthly Fees
 
................................
................................
................................
.....................
 
20
 
8.2
 
Calculation and Payment of Fees
 
................................
................................
.....................
 
20
 
8.3
 
Other Fees
 
................................
................................
................................
........................
 
20
 
8.4
 
Taxes
 
................................
................................
................................
................................
 
20
 
8.5
 
Application of Fees
................................
................................
................................
............
 
21
 
8.6
 
Guaranty
 
................................
................................
................................
...........................
 
21
 
8.7
 
Set
-
off
 
................................
................................
................................
................................
 
21
 
9.0
 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
 
................................
................................
................................
...............
 
21
 
9.1
 
Our Proprietary Rights
 
................................
................................
................................
......
 
21
 
9.2
 
Trade Name, Use of the Marks
 
................................
................................
.........................
 
22
 
9.3
 
Use of Trade Name and Marks
 
................................
................................
.........................
 
22
 
9.4
 
Trademark Disputes
 
................................
................................
................................
..........
 
23
 
9.5
 
Web Sites
 
................................
................................
................................
..........................
 
23
 
9.6
 
Covenant
 
................................
................................
................................
...........................
 
23
 
10.0
 
REPORTS, RECORDS, AUDITS, AND PRIVACY
 
................................
................................
........
 
24
 
10.1
 
Reports
 
................................
................................
................................
..............................
 
24
 
10.2
 
Maintenance of Records
 
................................
................................
................................
...
 
24
 
10.3
 
Audit
 
................................
................................
................................
................................
..
 
24
 
10.4
 
Ownership of Information
 
................................
................................
................................
..
 
24
 

 
ii
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
10.5
 
Privacy and Data Protection
 
................................
................................
.............................
 
25
 
11.0
 
CONDEMNATION AND CASUALTY
 
................................
................................
.............................
 
25
 
11.1
 
Condemnation
 
................................
................................
................................
...................
 
25
 
11.2
 
Casualty
 
................................
................................
................................
............................
 
25
 
11.3
 
No Extensions of Term
 
................................
................................
................................
.....
 
25
 
12.0
 
TRANSFERS
 
................................
................................
................................
................................
.
 
25
 
12.1
 
Our Transfer
 
................................
................................
................................
......................
 
25
 
12.2
 
Your Transfer
 
................................
................................
................................
....................
 
26
 
12.3
 
Public Offering or Private Placement
 
................................
................................
................
 
27
 
12.4
 
Mortgages and Pledges to Lending Institutions
 
................................
................................
 
28
 
13.0
 
TERMINATION
 
................................
................................
................................
..............................
 
29
 
13.1
 
Termination with Opportunity to Cure
 
................................
................................
...............
 
29
 
13.2
 
Immediate Termination by Us
 
................................
................................
...........................
 
29
 
13.3
 
Suspension Interim Remedies
 
................................
................................
..........................
 
30
 
13.4
 
Liquidated Damages on Termination
 
................................
................................
................
 
31
 
13.5
 
Actual Damages Under Special Circumstances
 
................................
...............................
 
32
 
13.6
 
Your Obligations on Termination or Expiration
 
................................
................................
.
 
33
 
14.0
 
INDEMNITY
 
................................
................................
................................
................................
...
 
33
 
15.0
 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
 
................................
................................
..............................
 
34
 
15.1
 
No Agency Relationship
 
................................
................................
................................
....
 
34
 
15.2
 
Notices Concerning Your Independent Status
 
................................
................................
..
 
35
 
16.0
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
................................
................................
................................
.........................
 
35
 
16.1
 
Severability and Interpretation
 
................................
................................
..........................
 
35
 
16.2
 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue
 
................................
................................
...........
 
35
 
16.3
 
Exclusive Benefit
 
................................
................................
................................
...............
 
35
 
16.4
 
Entire Agreement
 
................................
................................
................................
..............
 
35
 
16.5
 
 
Amendment and Waiver
 
................................
................................
................................
..
 
36
 
16.6
 
Consent; Business Judgment
 
................................
................................
...........................
 
36
 
16.7
 
Notices
 
................................
................................
................................
..............................
 
36
 
16.8
 
General Release
 
................................
................................
................................
...............
 
37
 
16.9
 
Remedies Cumulative
 
................................
................................
................................
.......
 
37
 
16.10
 
Economic Conditions Not a Defense
 
................................
................................
................
 
37
 
16.11
 
Representations and Warranties
 
................................
................................
......................
 
37
 
16.12
 
Existing Agreements
 
................................
................................
................................
.........
 
38
 
16.13
 
Sanctioned Persons and Anti
-
bribery Representations and Warranties
 
..........................
 
38
 
16.14
 
Counterparts
 
................................
................................
................................
.....................
 
39
 
16.15
 
AttorneysΓÇÖ Fees and Costs
 
................................
................................
................................
 
39
 
16.16
 
Interest
 
................................
................................
................................
..............................
 
39
 
16.17
 
Successors and Assigns
 
................................
................................
................................
...
 
39
 
16.18
 
Our Delegation of Rights and Responsibility
 
................................
................................
....
 
39
 
16.19
 
Confidentiality of Negotiated Terms
 
................................
................................
..................
 
40
 
17.0
 
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES
 
................................
................................
 
40
 
18.0
 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF EXEMPTION
 
................................
................................
....................
 
40
 
19.0
 
[SELECT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT HFS: NOTICE OF INTENT TO MARKET [SELECT FOR 
HFS: RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER
 
................................
................................
................................
.................
 
40
 
20.0
 
KEY MONEY/DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVE NOTE
 
................................
................................
......
 
41
 
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
 

 
iii
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
[IF KEY MONEY EXHIBIT _
 
ΓÇô
 
DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVE NOTE 
 
[IF APPLICABLE EXHIBIT _ 
ΓÇô
 
SHARED FACILITIES ADDENDUM
 
[IF JURISDICTION APPLIES EXHIBIT _ 
[
CA, HI, IL, MD,
 
MN, 
ND, NY, PR, RI, VA, WA
] 
ΓÇô
 
STATE
/TERRITORY
 
ADDEND
UM
 
 
[ONLY IF NOT A RADIUS EXHIBIT _ RESTRICTED AREA MAP
 
[IF APPLICABLE EXHIBIT _ 
PROPERTY 
IMPROVEMENT PLAN
 
 
 

 
4
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
 
This Franchise Agreement 
is entered 
between 
Hilton 
Franchise 
Holding 
LLC (ΓÇ£
we
,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£
us
,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£
our
ΓÇ¥ or 
ΓÇ£
Franchisor
ΓÇ¥) and the 
F
ranchisee
 
set forth in the Addendum 
(ΓÇ£
you
,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£
your
ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£
Franchisee
ΓÇ¥)
, and is
 
dated 
as of the Effective Date
. 
We and you may collectively be referred to as the ΓÇ£
Parties
.
ΓÇ¥
 
INTRODUCTION
 
We are 
an 
Affiliate
 
of Hilton Worldwide
.
  
Hilton Worldwide and its Affiliates own, license, lease, operate, 
manage and provide various services for the Network.  We are authorized to grant licenses for selected, 
first
-
class, independently owned or leased hotel properties, to operate under the Br
and.  You have 
expressed a desire to enter into this Agreement with us to obtain a license to use the Brand in the operation 
of 
[INSERT FOR AQ: 
an apartment hotel
] [INSERT FOR ALL OTHER BRANDS: 
a hotel
] 
at the address 
or location described in the 
Addendum
.
 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the undertakings and commitments of each 
Party to the other P
arty in this Agreement
,
 
the 
P
arties agree as follows:
 
 
1.0
 
DEFINITIONS
 
 
The following capitalized terms will have the meanings set forth after each term:
 
 
ΓÇ£
Affiliate
ΓÇ¥ means any 
natural person or firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, 
trust or other entity which, directly or indirectly, 
Controls
, is 
Controlled
 
by, or is under common Control with, 
the subject entity.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
Agreement
ΓÇ¥ means this 
Franchise Agreement, including any exhibits, attachments and addenda.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Anti
-
Corruption Laws
ΓÇ¥ means all applicable anti
-
corruption, anti
-
bribery, anti
-
money laundering, books 
and reco
rds, and internal controls laws
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Brand
ΓÇ¥
 
means the brand name set forth 
in the Addendum.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
Chain Code
ΓÇ¥ means
 
the
 
code 
that we
 
use to identify the Brand w
ithin our 
Reservation Service.
 
We may
 
modify
, remove, or replace
 
the Chain Code for the Brand at any time in our discretion.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
Change of Ownership 
Application
ΓÇ¥
 
means the application 
that is 
submitted to us by you or the Transferee 
for a new 
franchise agreement
 
in connection with a Change of Ownership Transfer.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Change of Ownership Transfer
ΓÇ¥
 
means any proposed Transfer
 
that results in a change 
of Control
 
of 
Franchisee, the Hotel, or the Hotel Site and is not otherwise permitted by this Agreement, all as set out in 
Subsection
 
12
.2.
2
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Competing Brand
ΓÇ¥ means a hotel 
[INSERT FOR AQ: 
, apartment hotel, or other rental property
] 
brand 
or trade nam
e 
that, in our sole business judgment, competes
 
with the System, or any System Hotel or 
Network Hotel.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Competitor
ΓÇ¥ means any individual or entity that
,
 
at any time during the Term, whether directly or through 
an Affiliate, owns in whole or in part, or is the 
licensor 
or franchisor of 
a 
Competing Brand, irrespective of 
the number of hotels
, 
apartment hotels, or other rental properties 
owned, licensed or franchised under such 
Competing B
rand name. A Competitor does not include an individual or entity that: (i) is a franchisee of a 
Competing Brand; (ii) manages a Competing Brand 
h
otel, 
apartment hotel, or other rental property, 
so long 
as the individual or e
ntity is not the exclusive manager of the Competing Brand; or (iii) owns a minority 
interest in a Competing Brand, so long as neither that individual or entity nor any of its Affiliates is an officer, 
director, or employee of the Competing Brand, provides 
services (including as a consultant) to the 

 
5
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
Competing Brand, or exercises, or has the right to exercise, Control over the business decisions of the 
Competing Brand. 
 
 
ΓÇ£
Construction Commencement Date
ΓÇ¥
 
means
 
the date 
set out in the Addendum, if applicable
, by which 
you must commence construction of the Hotel
.
  
For the Hotel to be considered under construction, you 
must have begun to pour concrete foundations for the Hotel or otherwise satisfied any site
-
specific criteria 
for ΓÇ£under constructionΓÇ¥ set out in the Addendum.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Construction Work
ΓÇ¥
 
means all necessary action for the development, construction, renovation, furnishing, 
equ
ipping 
and implementation of the Plans and Designs for the Hotel.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Construction Work Completion Date
ΓÇ¥
 
means
 
the date 
set out in the Addendum, if applicable
, by which 
you must complete construction of the Hotel
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Control
ΓÇ¥ means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of an entity, or of the power to veto major policy decisions of an entity, whether 
through the ownership of voting securities, by c
ontract, or otherwise.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Controlling Affiliate
ΓÇ¥ means an 
Affiliate that directly or indirectly Controls the Hotel and/or Controls the 
entity that Controls the Hotel
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Designs
ΓÇ¥ means your plans, layouts, specifications, drawings and designs for the proposed furnishings, 
fixtures, equipment, signs and d├⌐cor of the Hotel
 
that use and incorporate the Standards
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Effective Date
ΓÇ¥
 
means the 
date
 
set out in the Addendum on which
 
this Agreement
 
becomes 
effect
ive
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Equity Interest
ΓÇ¥ means any direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest in the Franchisee, the Hotel and/or 
the Hotel Site.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
Equity Owner
ΓÇ¥ means the direct or indirect owner of an Equity Interest.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
Expiration Date
ΓÇ¥ has the meaning set forth in Section 3.
 
 
 
ΓÇ£
Force Majeure
ΓÇ¥ means an event causing a delay in our or your performance that is not the fault of or within 
the reasonable control of the 
P
arty claiming Force Majeure. 
Force Majeure includes fire, floods, natural 
disasters, Acts of God, war, civil commotion, terrorist acts, any governmental act or regulation beyond such 
P
artyΓÇÖs reasonable control. 
Forc
e Majeure does not include your
 
financial inability to perform, inability to 
obtain financing, inability to obtain permits
, licenses
,
 
zoning variances
 
or any 
other similar
 
events unique 
to you,
 
or the Hotel
,
 
or to general economic downturn or conditions.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
Government
ΓÇ¥
 
or 
ΓÇ£
Government Entity
ΓÇ¥ means
 
any
: (i)
 
agency, instrumentality, subdivision or other body 
of any national, regional, loca
l or other government; (ii) 
commercial or similar entities owned or controlled 
by such government, including any state
-
owned and state
-
operated companies; (iii
)
 
political party; and 
(iv)
 
public international organization.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Government Official
ΓÇ¥ means
: (i) officers and employees of any Government; (ii) officers and employees 
of companies in which a Government owns an interest; (iii) any private person acting in an official capacity 
for or on behalf of 
any Government or 
Government Entity
 
(such as a consultant retained by a government 
agency); (iv) candidates for political office at any level; (v) political parties and their officials; (vi) officers, 
employees, or official representatives of public (quasi
-
governmental) internati
onal 
organizations
 
(such as 
the United Nations, World Bank, or International Monetary Fund).
 
 
[INSERT FOR 
HFS
:
 
ΓÇ£
Gross Food and Beverage Revenue
ΓÇ¥ means 
all revenues (including credit 
transactions whether or not collected) derived
 
from food and beverage
-
related operations of the Hotel and 
associated facilities, and all banquet, reception and meeting room rentals, including all restaurant
s (unless 
leased 
to 
third
-
party operators), dining, bar, lounge and retail food and beverage services, at the actual 

 
6
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
rates charged, less allowances for any rebates and overcharges, and excluding any sales, hotel, 
entertainment or similar taxes collected from patrons or guests.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Gross Receipts Tax
ΓÇ¥ means any gross receipts, sales, use, excise, value added or any similar tax.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Gross Rooms Revenue
ΓÇ¥ means all revenues derived from the sale or rental of Guest Rooms (both 
transient and permanent) of the Hotel, including revenue derived from the redemption of points or rewards 
under the loyalty programs in which the Hotel participates, amounts attribut
able to breakfast (where the 
guest room rate includes breakfast), 
Mandatory Guest
 
Fees, 
late cancellation fees, 
and guaranteed no
-
show revenue and credit transactions, whether or not collected, at the actual rates charged, less allowances 
for any Guest Room rebates and overcharges, and will not include taxes collected directly from patrons or 
guests. 
Group booking rebates, if any, paid
 
by you or on your
 
behalf
 
to third
-
party groups for group stays 
must be included in, and not deducted from, the calculation of Gross
 
Rooms Revenue.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Guarantor
ΓÇ¥ means the person or entity that 
guarant
ie
s your obligations under this Agreement or any of 
Your 
Hotel 
Agreements.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Guest Rooms
ΓÇ¥ 
means each rentable unit in the Hotel generally used for overnight guest accommodations, 
the entrance to which is controlled by the same key
,
 
provided that adjacent rooms with connecting doors 
that can be locked and rented as separate units are considered separate Guest Rooms.
  
The initial number 
of approved 
Guest Rooms
 
is set forth in the Addendum.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Hilton Worldwide
ΓÇ¥ means 
Hilton Worldwide 
Holdings
 
Inc.
, a Delaware corporation
 
(NYSE:
HLT
)
.
 
 
[INSERT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT AQ: 
ΓÇ£
Hotel
ΓÇ¥ means the property you will operate under this 
Agreement and includes all structures, facilities, appurtenances, furniture, fixtures, equipment, and entry, 
exit, parking and other areas located on the Hotel Site we have approved for your business or loca
ted on 
any land we approve in the future for additions, signs, parking or other facilities.
 
 
[INSERT FOR AQ: ΓÇ£HotelΓÇ¥ 
means the apartment hotel property you will operate under this Agreement and 
includes all structures, facilities, appurtenances, furniture, fixtures, equipment, and entry, exit, parking and 
other areas located on the Hotel Site we have approved for your bu
siness or located on any land we 
approve in the future for additions, signs, parking or other facilities.
]
 
 
ΓÇ£
Hotel Site
ΓÇ¥ means the real property on which the Hotel is located or to be located, as approved by us.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
Hotel Work
ΓÇ¥
 
means Construction Work and/or Renovation Work, as the case may be
, and the context 
requires
.
 
 
ΓÇ£HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty FeesΓÇ¥
 
means:
 
(
a
) if the Hotel has been operating for at least 
twenty
-
four (
24
)
 
months, the quotient 
of all Monthly Royalty Fees 
[INSERT FOR 
HFS
:
 
and all Monthly Food and 
Beverage Fees
]
 
due under this Agreement for the twenty
-
four (24) month period
 
immediately preceding the 
month of termination
 
(the 
ΓÇ£
M
easurement 
P
eriod
ΓÇ¥
) 
divided
 
by twenty
-
four (24); and (
b
) if the Hotel has not 
been operating for at least twenty
-
four (24) months, 
the quotient 
of all Monthly Royalty Fees
 
[INSERT FOR 
HFS
:
 
and all Monthly Food and Beverage Fees
]
 
due under this Agreement for the period between the 
Opening Date and the termination date divided by the number of months between the Opening Date and 
the termination date.  Any 
temporary financial 
accommodation
s
 
(including but not limited to 
any M
onthly 
F
ee discounts
, fee ramps, or fee waivers
)
 
are excluded from the calculation of HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly 
Royalty Fees.
 
 
 
With respect to subsection (a) above, if a majority of the Guest Rooms were removed from service or regular 
Hotel operations were suspended during the Measurement Period for ninety (90) or more consecutive days 
(for any reason whatsoever, including Force M
ajeure) (a ΓÇ£
Business Interruption
ΓÇ¥), the calendar month(s) 
in which the Business Interruption(s) occurred will be removed from the Measurement Period, and the 
Measurement Period will be extended earlier in time by one full calendar month for every whole or
 
partial 
calendar month in which the Business Interruption(s) occurred. For the avoidance of doubt, if the application 

 
7
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
of this clause would lead to the Measurement Period being reduced to less than twenty
-
four (24) full 
calendar months, then the calculation in subsection (b) will apply.
 
 
 
ΓÇ£
Improper Payment
ΓÇ¥ means
 
any transaction in violation of applicable Anti
-
Corruption Laws.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Indemnified Parties
ΓÇ¥ means us and 
our Affiliates
, and 
our 
and their 
respective predecessors, 
successors, 
and assigns, and our and their respective 
officers, directors, 
members, managers, employees
, and agents.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Information
ΓÇ¥ means all information we obtain from you or about the Hotel or its guests or prospective 
guests under this Agreement or under any agreement ancillary to this Agreement, including agreements 
relating to the computerized reservation, revenue management, pr
operty management, and other systems 
we provide or require, or otherwise related to the Hotel. Information includes, but is not limited to, 
Operational Information, Proprietary Information, and Personal Information.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Interim Remedy
ΓÇ¥ has the meaning set forth in 
Subsection
 
13
.3
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Laws
ΓÇ¥ means all public laws, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, regulations, permits, licenses, certificates, 
authorizations, directions and requirements of all 
G
overnments and 
G
overnment 
Entities 
having jurisdiction 
over the Hotel
, Hotel Site
 
or over 
Franchisee to operate the Hotel, which, now or hereafter, may apply to 
the construction, renovation, completion, equipping, opening and operation of the Hotel,
 
including
 
Title III 
of the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. ┬º 12181, et seq., and 28 C.
F.R. Part 36.
 
 
ΓÇ£
License
ΓÇ¥ has the meaning set forth in 
Subsection
 
2.1
. 
 
 
[SELECT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT OL
:
 
ΓÇ£
Liquidated Damages
ΓÇ¥ has the meaning set forth in 
Sub
section
s
 
6.4.4 and 
13
.4
.
 
[SELECT FOR OL
:
 
ΓÇ£
Liquidated Damages
ΓÇ¥ has the meaning set forth in 
Subsection 6.4.4.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Management Company
ΓÇ¥ has the meaning set forth in 
Subsection
 
7.1
.
 
 
ΓÇ£Mandatory Guest FeeΓÇ¥
 
means any 
separate fee that a patron or guest is charged for in addition to the 
base room rate for a guest room
, including but not limited to 
resort fees, facility fees, destination fees, 
amenity fees, urban destination fees, or any other similar fee.
 
 
Mandatory Guest Fees do not include 
employee gratuities, state or local mandatory taxes, and other tax
-
like fees and assessments that are levied 
on a stay, as determined by us, that are passed through to a third party (such as tourism public improvement 
district fees, 
tourism or improvement assessments, and convention center fees)
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Manual
ΓÇ¥ means all written 
compilations of the Standards. 
The Manual may take the form of one or more 
of the following:  one or more loose
-
leaf or bound volumes; bulletins; notices; videos; CD
-
ROMS and/or 
other electronic media; online postings; e
-
mail and/or electronic communications; facsimiles; or any other 
medium capable of conveying the ManualΓÇÖs contents.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Marks
ΓÇ¥ means the Brand and all other 
business names, 
copyrights, designs, 
distinguishing characteristics, 
domain names, 
emblems, insignia, 
logos, 
slogans, 
service marks, 
symbols, 
trademarks
,
 
trad
e dress
 
and 
trade names
 
(whether regist
ered or unregistered)
 
used in the System.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Monthly Fees
ΓÇ¥ means, collectively, 
[
INSERT 
FOR HFS
:
 
the Monthly Food and Beverage Fee
;
 
the Monthly 
Program Fee and the Monthly Royalty Fee.
 
 
[INSERT
 
FOR HFS
:
 
ΓÇ£
Monthly Food and Beverage Fee
ΓÇ¥
 
means the fee we require from you in Subsection 
8.1, which is set forth in the Addendum.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Monthly Program Fee
ΓÇ¥
 
means the fee we require from you in 
Subsection
 
8.1
, which is set forth in the 
Addendum.
 
 

 
8
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
ΓÇ£
Monthly Royalty Fee
ΓÇ¥ means the fee we require from you in 
Subsection
 
8.1
, which is set forth in the 
Addendum.
 
 
[INSERT FOR ANY MANAGED TO FRANCHISE CONVERSION:
 
ΓÇ£
Mortgage Lender
ΓÇ¥ means any 
mortgagee or secured party pursuant to mortgage, deed of trust, trust deed, pledge or encumbrance of, or 
other security interest in, the Hotel or the Hotel Site.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Network
ΓÇ¥ means the elements
, including know
-
how, that we or our Affiliates designate to distinguish the 
hotels, inns, conference centers, timeshare or residential properties and other hospitality
-
related 
businesses that Hilton Worldwide and/or its subsidiaries own, control, license,
 
lease, operate or manage 
now or in the future.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Network Hotel
ΓÇ¥
 
means any hotel, inn, conference center, timeshare or residential property or other 
hospitality
-
related business within the Network.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Opening Date
ΓÇ¥ means the day on which we 
first 
authorize 
the opening of 
the facilities, Guest Rooms or 
services of the Hotel to the general public under the Brand.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Operational Information
ΓÇ¥ means all information concerning 
the Monthly Fees
, other revenues generated 
at the Hotel, room occupancy rates, reservation data and other financial and non
-
financial information we 
require.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Other Business(es)
ΓÇ¥ means any business activity we or 
our Affiliates
 
engage in, other than the licensing 
of the Hotel. 
 
 
ΓÇ£
Other Hotels
ΓÇ¥ means any hotel, inn, lodging facility, conference center or other similar business, other 
than a System Hotel or a Network Hotel.
 
 
[
INSERT 
FOR
 
EY, 
PE,
 
RU
:
 
ΓÇ£
Package
ΓÇ¥ means any specific grouping or selection of furniture, furnishings, 
fixtures, equipment, amenities, services and/or other supplies that we designate, which must be acquired 
together as one package, installed and used at the Hotel.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
Permitted Transfer
ΓÇ¥ means any Transfer by you or your Equity Owners 
that does not result in a 
c
hange 
of Control of you, the Hotel, or the Hotel
 
Site, 
as specified in Section
 
12
.2 of this Agreement.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Person(s)
ΓÇ¥ means a natural person or entity.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Personal Information
ΓÇ¥
 
means any information that: (i) can be used (alone or when used in combination 
with other information within your control) to identify, locate or contact an individual; or (ii) pertains in any 
way to an identified or identifiable individual.  Personal Inf
ormation can be in any media or format, including 
computerized or electronic records as well as paper
-
based files.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
PIP
ΓÇ¥ means 
property
 
improvement plan.
 
 
ΓÇ£
PIP Fee
ΓÇ¥
 
means the fee we charge for creating a PIP.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Plans
ΓÇ¥ means your plans, layouts, specifications, and drawings for the Hotel
 
that use and incorporate the 
Standards
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Principal Mark
ΓÇ¥ is the Mark identified as the Principal Mark in the Addendum.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Privacy Laws
ΓÇ¥
 
means any international, national, federal, provincial, state, or local law, code
, rule
 
or 
regulation that regulates the processing of Personal In
formation in any way, including
 
data protection laws
, 
laws regulating marketing communications and/or electronic communications, information security 
regulations and security breach notification rules.  
 
 

 
9
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
ΓÇ£
Proprietary Information
ΓÇ¥ means all information or materials concerning the methods, techniques, plans, 
specifications, procedures, 
data
, systems and knowledge of and experience in the development, operation, 
marketing and licensing of the System, 
including the Standards and the Manuals, 
whether developed by 
us, you, or a third party.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Publicly Traded Equity Interest
ΓÇ¥ means any Equity Interest that is traded on any securities exchange or 
is quoted in any publication or electronic reporting service maintained by the National Association of 
Securities Dealers, Inc., or any of its successors.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
Renovation Commencement Date
ΓÇ¥ mean
s
 
the date 
set out in the Addendum, if applicable
, by which you 
must commence Renovation Work
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Renovation Work
ΓÇ¥ means the 
renovation and/or 
construction
 
work, 
as the context requires, 
including 
purchasing and/or leasing and install
ation
 
of all 
[
INSERT 
FOR 
EY, 
PE, 
RU
:
 
Packages,
]
 
fixtures, equipment, 
furnishings, furniture, signs, computer terminals and related equipment, supplies and other items that would 
be required of a new System Hotel under the Manual
,
 
and any other 
[
INSERT 
FOR 
EY, 
PE, 
RU
:
 
Packages,
]
 
equipment, furnishings and supplies 
that we 
may require for 
you
 
to operate the Hotel as set out in 
any 
PIP
 
applicable to the Hotel
.  
 
 
ΓÇ£
Renovation Work Completion Date
ΓÇ¥
 
mean
s
 
any
 
date 
set out in the Addendum
 
by which you must 
complete Renovation Work
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Reports
ΓÇ¥ mean daily, monthly, quarterly and annual operating statements, profit and loss statements, 
balance sheets, and other financial and non
-
financial reports we require.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Reservation Service
ΓÇ¥
 
means the reservation service we designate in the Standards for use by System 
Hotels.  
 
 
[
INCLUDE ONLY IF 
RESTRICTED AREA PROVISION 
GRANTED
:
 
ΓÇ£
Restricted Area Provision
ΓÇ¥ has the 
meaning set forth in the Addendum.
]
 
 
 
ΓÇ£
Room Addition Fee
ΓÇ¥
 
means a sum equal
 
to the then
-
current
 
Room Addition Fee charged for new System 
Hotels multiplied by the number of Additional Guest Rooms you wish to add to the Hotel
 
in accordance with 
Subsection
 
6.6.3
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Sanctioned Person
ΓÇ¥
 
means any person
, entity,
 
or 
Government
, 
including those 
with Control over 
such
 
persons or entities
, or acting on behalf of such persons or entity
,
 
who is subject to
 
Trade Restrictions 
that 
prohibit or restrict 
the PartiesΓÇÖ 
performance of 
the PartiesΓÇÖ 
obligations under this Agreement
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Securities
ΓÇ¥ means any public offering, private placement or other sale
 
of securities in you
, the Hotel or the 
Hotel Site.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Site
ΓÇ¥
 
means domain names, the World Wide Web, the Internet, computer network/distribution systems, or 
other electronic communications sites
, including mobile applications
.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Standards
ΓÇ¥ means all standards, specifications, requirements, criteria, and policies that have been and 
are in the future developed and compiled by us for use by you in connection with the design, construction, 
renovation, refurbishment, appearance, equipping, furn
ishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, 
marketing, services, service levels, quality, and quality assurance of System Hotels, including the Hotel, 
and for hotel advertising and accounting, whether contained in the Manual or set out in this Agre
ement or 
other written communication.
 
The 
Standards do not include any personnel policies or procedures that we 
may, at our option, make available to you.  You may, in your sole judgment, determine to what extent, if 
any, any such personnel policies or procedures might apply to the Hotel or Hotel 
Site.
 
 
[INSERT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT AQ: 
ΓÇ£
System
ΓÇ¥ means the elements, including know
-
how, that we 
designate to distinguish hotels operating worldwide under the Brand (as may in certain jurisdictions be 

 
10
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
preceded or followed by a supplementary identifier such as ΓÇ£by HiltonΓÇ¥) that provide to the consuming public 
a s
imilar, distinctive, high
-
quality hotel service. The System currently includes: the Brand, the Marks, the 
Trade Name, and the Standards; access to a reservation service; advertising, publicity and other marketing 
programs and materials; training programs and materials; and programs
 
for our inspecti
o
n 
of 
the Hotel and 
consulting with you. 
 
 
[INSERT FOR AQ: 
ΓÇ£
System
ΓÇ¥ means the elements, including know
-
how, that we designate to distinguish 
apartment hotels operating worldwide under the Brand (as may in certain jurisdictions be preceded or 
followed by a supplementary identifier such as ΓÇ£by
 
HiltonΓÇ¥) that provide to the consuming public a similar,
 
distinctive, high
-
quality hotel service. The System currently includes: the Brand, the Marks, the Trade 
Name, and the Standards; access to a reservation service; advertising, publicity and other marketing 
programs and materials; 
training programs and materials; and programs for our inspection of the Hotel and 
consulting with you.
 
 
[INSERT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT AQ: 
ΓÇ£
System Hotels
ΓÇ¥ means hotels operating under the System 
using the Brand name
 
and the Standards
. 
 
 
[INSERT FOR AQ: 
ΓÇ£
System Hotels
ΓÇ¥ means apartment hotels operating under the System using the Brand 
name and the Standards.
 
 
[DELETE FOR 
GU, 
OL, PE, PO, UAB, EY
:
 
ΓÇ£
SystemΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty FeesΓÇ¥
 
means the 
average Monthly Royalty Fees per Guest Room owed to us by all System 
H
otels in operation 
in the United 
States 
over the twelve (12) full calendar month period immediately preceding the month of termination
 
(the 
ΓÇ£
SystemΓÇÖs Average
 
Measurement Period
ΓÇ¥)
, 
multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the 
Hotel
. 
Any temporary financial accommodations (including but not limited to any Monthly Fee discounts, 
fee ramps, or fee waivers) 
are excluded from the calculation of 
SystemΓÇÖ
s Average Monthly Royalty Fees.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any System 
H
otel that has not been in operation for at least twelve (12) full 
calendar months immediately preceding the month of termination is not included in determining the 
SystemΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty Fees. 
 
 
In calculati
ng
 
the SystemΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty Fees,
 
if a Business Interruption occurred 
at any 
System Hotel
(s)
 
during the 
SystemΓÇÖs Average Measurement Period
, 
then 
for such System Hotel(s) 
the 
calendar month(s) in which the Business Interruption(s) occurred will be removed from the 
SystemΓÇÖs 
Average 
Measurement Period, and the 
SystemΓÇÖs Average 
Measurement Period 
for such System Hotel(s) 
will be extended earlier in time by one full calendar month for every whole or partial calendar month in which 
the Business Interruption(s) occurred.  
If the application of this 
provision
 
would lead to the SystemΓÇÖs 
Average Measurement Period for any System Hotel(s) be
ing reduced to less than twelve (12) full calendar 
months, then the applicable System Hotel(s) will not be included in determining the SystemΓÇÖs Average 
Mon
thly Royalty Fees.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Term
ΓÇ¥ 
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.0.  
 
 
[INSERT FOR OL
:
 
ΓÇ£
Termination Fee
ΓÇ¥ has the meaning set forth in Subsection 13.4
]
 
 
 
 
ΓÇ£
Trade Name
ΓÇ¥ means the name of the Hotel set forth in the Addendum.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Trade Restrictions
ΓÇ¥ means trade, economic or investment sanctions, export controls, anti
-
terrorism, non
-
proliferation, anti
-
money laundering and similar
 
restrictions in force pursuant to laws, rules and regulations 
imposed under Laws to which the Parties are subject.
 
 
ΓÇ£
Transfer
ΓÇ¥ means in all its forms, any sale, lease, assignment, spin
-
off, transfer, or other conveyance of a 
direct or indirect legal or beneficial interest. 
 
 
ΓÇ£
Transferee
ΓÇ¥
 
means the proposed new 
f
ranchisee resulting from a Transfer.
 
 

 
11
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
ΓÇ£
Your 
Hotel 
Agreements
ΓÇ¥ 
means any 
other agreement between you
,
 
or
 
any of your Affiliates, 
and us
,
 
or 
any of 
our Affiliates
,
 
related to this Agreement, the Hotel and/or the Hotel Site.
 
 
[INSERT FOR 
ID, 
OL, QQ, UP:
 
ΓÇ£
Your Marks
ΓÇ¥ 
means 
any brand names, business names, copyrights, 
service marks, trademarks or trade names (whether registered or unregistered) developed or owned by 
you or your Affiliates, or licensed to you or your Affiliates by a third party other than us or our Affiliates,
 
that 
are
 
used as part of the Trade Name. 
[OR OPTIONAL INSERT FOR 
ID, 
OL, QQ, UP TO IDENTIFY 
SPECIFIC
 
OWNER MARK: 
Your Marks includes 
[
____________
]
.
]
 
 
2.0
 
GRANT OF LICENSE
 
 
2.1
 
Non
-
Exclusive License
.
 
We 
grant to you and you accept a limited, non
-
exclusive 
license 
to use the Marks and the System during the Term at, and in connection with, the operation of the Hotel in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement
 
(the ΓÇ£
License
ΓÇ¥)
.
 
You acknowledge and agree that your right 
to operate the Hotel under the Brand is subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
 
 
2.2
 
Reserved Rights
.
 
 
2.2.1
 
This Agreement does not limit our right, or the right of 
our Affiliates
, to own, license 
or operate any Other Business of any nature, whether in the lodging or hospitality industry or not, and 
whether under the Brand, a Competing Brand, or otherwise.  We and 
our Affiliates
 
have the right to engage 
in any Other Businesses, even if they compete with the Hotel, the System, or the Brand, and whether we 
or 
our Affiliates
 
start those businesses, or purchase, merge with, acquire, are acquired by, come under 
common
 
ownership with, or associate with, such Other Businesses.  
 
 
2.2.2
 
We may also: 
 
 
2.2.2.1
 
add, alter, delet
e
 
or otherwise modify 
elements of the System; 
 
 
2.2.2.2
 
use or license to others all or part of the System; 
 
 
2.2.2.3
 
use the facilities, programs, services and/or personnel used in 
connection with the System in Other Businesses; and 
 
 
2.2.2.4
 
use the System, the Brand and the Marks in the Other Businesses.  
 
 
2.2.3
 
You acknowledge and agree that you have no rights to, and will not make any 
claims or demands for, damages or other relief arising from or related to any of the foregoing activities, and 
you acknowledge and agree that such activities will not give rise to 
any liability on our part, 
including
 
liability 
for claims for unfair competition, breach of contract, breach of any applicable implied covenant of good faith 
and fair dealing, or divided loyalty. 
 
 
[INCLUDE ON
LY IF RESTRICTED AREA PROVIDED
:
 
2.3
 
Restricted Area Provision
.  
The Restricted Area Provision is set forth in the Addendum.
]
 
 
 
 
3.0
 
TERM
 
 
The Term shall begin on the Effective Date and will end, without further notice, on the Expiration 
D
ate set 
forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier unde
r the terms of this Agreement. 
You acknowledge and 
agree that this Agreement is non
-
renewable and that this Agreement confers 
on
 
you absolutely no rights of 
license
 
renewal or extension whatsoever following the 
E
xpiration 
Date
.
 
 
 
 

 
12
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
4.0
 
OUR RESPONSIBILITIES
 
 
We have the following responsibilities to you under this Agreement.  We reserve the right to fulfill some or 
all of these 
responsibilities
 
through one of 
our Affiliates
 
or through unrelated third parties, in our sole 
business judgment.  We may 
require
 
you to make payment for any resulting services or products directly 
to the provider.
 
 
4.1
 
Training
.
 
We may specify certain required and optional training programs and provide 
these programs at various locations.  We may charge you for required training services and materials and 
for optional training services and materials we provide to you.  
You are responsible for selecting the 
personnel to attend such training programs.
 
You are also responsible for all travel, lodging and other 
expenses you or your employees (or your Management CompanyΓÇÖs personnel) incur in connection with 
attending these programs.  
 
 
4.2
 
Reservation Service
.
  
We will furnish you with the Reservation Service. Th
e Reservation 
S
ervice will be furnished to you on the same basis as it is furnished to other System Hotels, subject to the 
provisions of 
Subsection
 
1
3
 
below.  
We are not required to 
furnish 
you with the
 
Reservation Service for any 
reservations occurring after the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
 
 
 
4.3
 
Consultation
.
 
We may offer consultation services and advice in areas such as operations, 
facilities, and marketing
, but you will always remain responsible for hiring your employees and the terms 
and conditions of 
their 
employment
. We may establish fees in advance, or on a project
-
by
-
project basis, for 
any consultation service or advice you request.
   
 
 
 
4.4
 
Marketing
.
 
 
 
4.4.1
 
We will publish (either in hard copy or electronic form) and make available to the 
traveling public a directory that includes System Hotels.  We will include the Hotel in advertising of System 
Hotels and in international, national and regional marketing pr
ograms in accordance with our general 
practice for System Hotels.   
 
 
4.4.2
 
We will use your Monthly Program Fee to pay for various programs to benefit the 
System
 
and/or the Network
, including: 
 
 
4.4.2.1
 
advertising, promotion, publicity, public relations, market research, and 
other marketing programs; 
 
 
4.4.2.2
 
developing and maintaining directories of and Internet sites for System 
Hotels
 
and/or Network Hotels
; 
 
 
4.4.2.3
 
developing and maintaining the Reservation Service systems and 
support; and 
 
 
4.4.2.4
 
administrative costs and overhead related to the administration or 
direction of these projects and programs.   
 
 
4.4.3
 
We will have the sole right to determine how and when we spend these funds, 
including sole control over the creative concepts, materials and media used in the programs, the placement 
and allocation of advertising, and the selection of promotional programs.
 
 
 
4.4.4
 
We may enter into arrangements for development, marketing, operations, 
administrative, technical and support functions, facilities, programs, 
and/or 
other 
services with any other 
entity, including any of 
our Affiliates
 
or third 
parties
.  
 
 
4.4.5
 
You acknowledge that Monthly Program Fees are intended for the benefit of the 
System and 
the Network and 
will not simply be used to promote or benefit any one 
Network
 
Hotel or market.  

 
13
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
We will have no obligation in administering any activities paid 
for with
 
the Monthly Program Fee to make 
expenditures for you that are equivalent or proportionate to your payments or to ensure that the Hotel 
benefits directly or proportionately from such expenditures.  
 
 
4.4.6
 
We may create any programs and allocate monies derived from Monthly Program 
Fees to any regions or localities, as we consider appropriate in our sole business judgment.  The aggregate 
of Monthly Program Fees paid to us by System Hotels 
and/or Network Hotels
 
does not constitute a trust or 
ΓÇ£advertising fundΓÇ¥ and we are not a fiduciary with respect to the Monthly Program Fees paid by you and 
other System Hotels
 
and/or 
other
 
Network Hotels
.  
 
 
4.4.7
 
We are not obligated to expend funds in excess of the amounts received from 
System Hotels
 
and/or Network Hotels
.  If any interest is earned on unused Monthly Program Fees, we will 
use the interest before using the principal.  The Monthly Program Fee does not cover your costs of 
participating in any optional marketing programs and promotions offered by us in which y
ou voluntarily 
choose to participate.  These Monthly Program Fees do not cover the cost of operating the Hotel in 
accordance with the Standards. 
 
 
4.5
 
Inspections/Compliance Assistance
.  
We will administer a quality assurance program 
for the System that may include conducting
 
pre
-
opening and 
periodic inspections of the Hotel and guest 
satisfaction surveys and audits to ensure compliance with the Standards.  You will permit us to inspect the 
Hotel without prior notice
 
to you
 
to determine if the Hotel is in compliance with the Standards.  You will 
cooperate with our representatives during these inspections. You will then take all steps necessary to 
correct any deficiencies within the times we
 
establish. 
 
We may charge you quality assurance program fees 
and charges as set forth in the Standards.  You will provide complimentary accommodations for the quality 
assurance auditor each time we conduct an on
-
site quality assurance inspection, evaluation, or re
-
eva
luation, or to verify that deficiencies noted in a quality assurance evaluation report or PIP have been 
corrected or completed by the required dates. Audits conducted 
under our quality assurance program will 
not include review or approval of your (or your
 
Management CompanyΓÇÖs) personnel policies or procedures.
 
 
4.6
 
Manual
.
  
We will issue to you or 
make available in electronic form the Manual and any 
revisions and updates we may make to the Manual during the Term.  You agree to ensure that your copy 
of the Manual is, at all times, current and up to date.  If there is any dispute as to your compliance
 
with the 
provisions of the Manual, the master copy of the Manual maintained at our principal office will control.
 
 
 
4.7
 
Equipment and Supplies
.  
We will make available to you for use in the Hotel various 
purchase, lease, or other arrangements for exterior signs, operating equipment, operating supplies, 
[
INSERT 
FOR 
EY, 
PE, 
RU
:
 
Packages
]
 
and furnishings, which we make available to other System Hotels. 
 
 
 
5.0
 
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
 
 
5.1
 
Operational and Other Requirements
.
  
You must:
 
 
5.1.1
 
operate the Hotel
 
twenty
-
four (24) hours a day
 
after the Opening Date
;
 
 
5.1.2
 
operate the Hotel using the System, in compliance with this Agreement and the 
Standards, and in such a manner to provide courteous, uniform
, respectable and high quality lodging and 
other services and conveniences to the public. You acknowledge
 
and agree
 
that
: (a
)
 
you have exclusive 
day
-
to
-
day control of the business and operation of the Hotel
 
(including hiring your employees and the 
terms and conditions of 
their 
employment); 
(b
)
 
although we provide the Standards, we do not in any way 
possess or exer
cise da
y
-
to
-
day
 
control
 
of the business and operation of the Hotel; 
(c
)
 
we do not dictate nor 
control labor or employment matters for you or your employees
;
 
nor do we reserve any right or authority to 
do so; 
and 
(d
) we are not responsible for the safety and security of your employees or guests
;
  
 
 
5.1.3
 
comply with 
the 
Standards, including our specifications for all supplies, products 
and services.  We may require you to purchase a particular brand of product or service to maintain the 
common identity and reputation of the Brand, and you will comply with such requirement
s.  Unless we 

 
14
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
specify otherwise, you may purchase products from any authorized source of distribution; however, we 
reserve the right, in our business judgment, to enter into exclusive purchasing arrangements for particular 
products or services and to require that you pu
rchase products or services from approved suppliers or 
distributors;  
 
 
5.1.4
 
install, display, and maintain signage displaying or containing the Brand name and 
other distinguishing characteristics in accordance with Standards we establish for System Hotels;  
 
 
5.1.5
 
comply with our Standards for the training of personnel involved in the operation 
of the Hotel, including completion by your (or your Management CompanyΓÇÖs) key personnel of the Hotel of 
a training program for operation of the Hotel under the System, at loc
ations we designate. You will pay us 
all fees and charges, if any, we require for your personnel to attend these training programs. You are 
responsible for selecting the personnel to attend such training programs. 
You are also responsible for all 
travel, l
odging and other expenses you or your employees 
(or your Management CompanyΓÇÖs 
personnel) 
incur in connection with 
attending these programs. 
You acknowledge and agree that when we provide 
training, we provide the training content that we deem necessary and appropriate for the business functions 
of the Hotel so that it may operate in accordance with our Standards; and we do not direct or supervi
se 
your personnel, or have, retain, or exercise any control over your 
(or your Management CompanyΓÇÖs)
 
personnel or pe
rsonnel policies or procedures in any manner
;
  
 
 
5.1.6
 
purchase and maintain property management, revenue management, in
-
room 
entertainment, telecommunications, high
-
speed internet access, and other computer and technology 
systems that we designate for the System or any portion of the System based on our asses
sment of the 
long
-
term best interests of System Hotels, considering the interest of the System as a whole;  
 
 
5.1.7
 
advertise and promote the Hotel and related facilities and services on a local and 
regional basis in a first
-
class, dignified manner, using our identity and graphics Standards for all System 
Hotels, at your cost and expense.  You must submit to us for our 
approval samples of all advertising and 
promotional materials that we have not previously approved (including any materials in digital, electronic or 
computerized form or in any form of media that exists now or is developed in the future) before you produc
e 
or distribute them.  You will not begin using the materials until we approve them.  You must immediately 
discontinue your use of any advertising or promotional material we disapprove, even if we previously 
approved the materials;  
 
 
5.1.8
 
participate in and pay all charges in connection with all required System guest 
complaint resolution programs, which programs may include chargebacks to the Hotel for guest refunds or 
credits and all required System quality assurance programs, such as gues
t comment cards, customer 
surveys and mystery shopper programs. You must maintain minimum performance Standards and scores 
for quality assurance programs we establish;  
 
 
5.1.9
 
honor all nationally recognized credit cards and credit vouchers issued for general 
credit purposes that we require and enter into all necessary credit card and voucher agreements with the 
issuers of such cards or vouchers;  
 
 
5.1.10
 
participate in and use the Reservation Service, including any additions, 
enhancements, supplements or variants we develop or adopt, and honor and give first priority on available 
rooms to all confirmed reservations referred to the Hotel through the Reserva
tion Service.  The only 
reservation service or system you may use for outgoing reservations referred by or from the Hotel to other 
Network Hotels will be the Reservation Service or other reservation services we designate;  
 
 
5.1.11
 
comply with Laws and, 
on
 
request, give evidence to us of compliance;  
 
 
5.1.12
 
participate in, and promptly pay all fees, commissions and charges associated 
with, all travel agent commission programs and third
-
party reservation and distribution services (such as 
airline reservation systems), all as required by the Standards and in ac
cordance with the terms of these 
programs, all of which may be modified;  
 

 
15
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
5.1.13
 
not engage, directly or indirectly, in any cross
-
marketing or cross
-
promotion of the 
Hotel with any Other Hotel or related business, without our prior written consent. You agree to refer guests 
and customers, wherever reasonably possible, only to System Ho
tels or Network Hotels.  We may require 
you to participate in programs designed to refer prospective customers to Other Hotels.  You must display 
all material, including brochures and promotional material we provide for System Hotels and Network 
Hotels, an
d allow advertising and promotion only of System Hotels and Network Hotels on the Hotel 
Site
, 
unless we specifically direct you to include advertising or promotion of Other Hotels;  
 
 
5.1.14
 
treat as confidential the Standards, the Manual and all 
other Proprietary 
Information. 
You acknowledge and agree that you
 
do not acquire any interest in the Proprietary Information 
other than the right to utilize the same in the development and operation of the Hotel under the terms of 
this Agreement.  You agree that you will not use the Proprietary Information in any busines
s or for any 
purpose other than in the development and operation of the Hotel under the System and will maintain the 
absolute confidentiality of the Proprietary Information during and after the Term.  You will not make 
unauthorized copies of any portion of
 
the Proprietary Information; and will adopt and implement all 
procedures we may periodically establish in our business judgment to prevent unauthorized use or 
disclosure of the Proprietary Information;  
 
 
5.1.15
 
own fee simple title (or long
-
term ground leasehold interest for a term equal to the 
Term) to the real property and improvements that comprise the Hotel and the Hotel Site, or alternatively, at 
our request, cause the fee simple owner, or other third party 
acceptable to us, to provide its 
guaranty
 
covering all of your obligations under this Agreement in form and substance acceptable to us;  
 
 
5.1.16
 
maintain legal possession and control of the Hotel and Hotel Site for the Term
 
and 
promptly deliver to us a copy of any notice of default you receive from any mortgagee, trustee under any 
deed of trust, or ground lessor for the Hotel, and 
on
 
our request, provide any additional information we may 
request related to any alleged default;  
 
 
5.1.17
 
not directly or indirectly conduct, or permit by lease, concession arrangement or 
otherwise, gaming or casino operations in or connected to the Hotel or on the Hotel Site
, or otherwise 
engage in any activity which, in our business judgment, is likely to adversely reflect upon or affect in any 
manner, any gaming licenses or permits held by
 
us or
 
our 
Affiliates
,
 
or the then
-
current stature of 
us or 
any 
of 
our Affiliates
 
with any gaming commission, board, or similar governmental or regulatory agency, or the 
re
putation or business of 
us or 
any of 
our Affiliates
; 
 
 
5.1.18
 
not directly or indirectly conduct or permit the marketing or sale of timeshares, 
vacation ownership, fractional ownership, condominiums or like schemes at, or adjacent to, the Hotel.  This 
restriction will not prohibit you from directly or indirectly cond
ucting timeshare, vacation ownership, 
fractional ownership, or condominium sales or marketing at and for any property located adjacent to the 
Hotel that is owned or leased by you so long as you do not use any of the Marks in such sales or marketing 
efforts
 
and you do not use the Hotel or its facilities in such sales and marketing efforts or in the business 
operations of the adjacent property;  
 
 
5.1.19
 
participate in and pay all charges related to our marketing programs (in addition to 
programs covered by the Monthly Program Fee), all 
loyalty or frequent 
guest programs we require
,
 
and any 
optional programs that you opt into;
 
 
5.1.20
 
honor the terms of any discount or promotional programs (including any 
loyalty or 
frequent guest program) that we offer to the public on your behalf, any room rate quoted to any guest at the 
time the guest makes an advance reservation, and any award certificates issued to Hotel guests 
participating in these programs;  
 
 
5.1.21
 
participate in and pay all charges related to other programs that we require 
pursuant to the Standards (in addition to programs covered by the Monthly Program Fee), and any optional 
programs that you opt into; 
 
 

 
16
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
5.1.22
 
after the 
Effective
 
Date, 
maintain, at your expense, insurance of the types and in 
the minimum amounts we specify in the Standards.  All such insurance must be with insurers having the 
minimum ratings we specify, name as additional insureds the parties we specify in the Standards, 
and carry 
the endorsements and notice requirements we specify in the Standards. If you fail or neglect to obtain or 
maintain the insurance or policy limits required by this Agreement or the Standards, we have the option, 
but not t
he obligation, to obtain and maintain such insurance without notice to you, and you will immediately 
on
 
our demand pay us the premiums and cost we incur in obtaining this insurance; 
 
 
5.1.23
 
not share the business operations and Hotel facilities with any Other Hotel or other 
business
 
or use them for any purpose other than operating a System Hotel
;  
 
 
5.1.24
 
provide to us information we reasonably request about any proposed 
lease or 
sublease 
of commercial space
, or 
other
 
concession arrangements
,
 
in 
the Hotel in the ordinary course of 
business, so that we may review and approve the nature of the proposed business, including the proposed 
brand and concept, in compliance with our then
-
current Standards for System Hotels;
 
 
5.1.25
 
promptly provide to us all information we reasonably request about you and your 
Affiliates
 
(including your respective beneficial owners, officers, directors, shareholders, partners or 
members) and/or the Hotel, title to the property on which the Hotel is constructed and any other property 
used by the Hotel
;
 
 
5.1.26
 
not engage in any tenant
-
in
-
common syndication or Transfer of any tenant
-
in
-
common interest in the Hotel or the Hotel Site;   
 
 
5.1.27
 
not, and ensure that your 
Equity Owner
s
 
with controlling Equity Interest
s
, 
Affiliates, 
employees, and Management Company do not, engage in any conduct which we reasonably determine is 
likely to adversely reflect upon or affect in any manner 
the reputation, goodwill, or business of the Hotel, 
the System, us and/or any of our Affiliates;
 
 
5.1.28
 
obtain 
our approval to charge any Mandatory Guest
 
Fee
s
 
at the Hotel
 
in 
accordance with the 
Standards
 
and subject to 
our requirements 
for 
granting such approval
; and
 
 
5.1.29
 
[FOR AQ INSERT
: not become a Competitor or permit your Affiliate to become a 
Competitor.] 
[FOR ALL OTHER BRANDS INSERT
: 
not become a Competitor, or permit your Affiliate to 
become a Competitor, in the
 
[INSERT FOR
 
OL
:
 
luxury
 
[INSERT FOR 
GU, 
PY, ES, HFS
, QQ
:
 
upper upscale 
[INSERT FOR DT, HGI, HWS
, 
ID, 
PO
, UP
:
 
upscale 
[INSERT FOR HAM
, 
HIS
, 
H2
, UAB
, UD
:
 
upper 
midscale 
[INSERT FOR 
EY, 
RU
:
 
midscale 
]
 
[INSERT FOR PE: 
e
conomy
 
or midscale
]
 
hotel market 
segment, or any substantially equivalent market segment, as determined by 
STR, LLC 
and
 
its affiliates 
(
collectively 
ΓÇ£
STR
ΓÇ¥) (or, if STR is no longer in existence, STRΓÇÖs successor or other such industry resource 
that is as equally as reputable as STR)
.  
[FOR 
AQ,
 
ID, 
OL, 
QQ, UP, REPLACE ΓÇ£.ΓÇ¥ WITH
:
 
; and
 
]
 
5.1.30
 
[INSERT FOR 
AQ, 
ID, 
OL
,
 
QQ, UP
:
 
not
, and ensure that your Affiliates do not, 
allow any Competitor to use 
Your Marks
 
without our 
prior 
written approval.
]
 
 
 
 
 
5.2
 
Room Rates and Pricing
. Subject to Section 5.
1, you are responsible for setting your own 
rates for 
G
uest 
R
ooms and prices for any other products or services offered at, from, or in connection with 
the Hotel. However, we may: (a) proscribe certain types of charges or billing practices; (b) establish 
maximum rates and prices for marketing and promotions as permi
tted by Laws; (c) require that the rates 
and prices you advertise through certain distribution channels be the same as or better than the rates and 
prices you advertise thr
ough other distribution channels; (d) require you to participate in certain revenue or 
inventory management programs that we provide; and/or (e) impose other pricing requirements as required 
or permitted by Laws.  In addition, we may suggest room rates and
 
pricing policies to the extent permitted 
by Laws but have no obligation to do so. We do not represent or warrant that any rates or pricing policies 

 
17
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
that we suggest will produce, increase, optimize, or otherwise affect your HotelΓÇÖs revenue and we have no 
liability in connection with such suggestions.  
 
 
6.0
 
HOTEL WORK
 
 
6.1
 
Necessary Consents
.
 
 
6.1.1
 
You 
must obtain our prior written consent before 
retain
ing
 
or engag
ing
 
any 
architect, interior designer, general contractor and major subcontract
ors for the Hotel, which consent will 
not be unreasonably withhe
ld.
 
 
6.1.2
 
Plans and Designs must be submitted to us in accordance with the schedule 
specified in the Addendum
,
 
or any PIP
 
attached to this Agreement
. 
 
 
6.1.3
 
You shall not commence any Hotel Work unless and until we have issued our 
written consent in respect of the Plans and Designs, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.  
 
 
6.1.4
 
Before we approve your Plans, your architect or other certified professional must 
certify to us that the Plans comply with all Laws 
related to accessibility/accommodations/facilities for those 
with disabilities. 
You are solely responsible for ensuring that the Plans and Designs (including Plans and 
Designs for Hotel Work) comply with our then
-
current
 
Standards, the Manual, 
[
INSERT 
FOR 
EY, 
PE, 
RU
:
 
our Package requirements, 
and all Laws.
 
 
6.1.5
 
Once we have provided our consent to the Plans and Designs, no change may be 
made to the Plans or Designs without our prior written consent. By consenting to the Plans and Designs, 
or any changes or modifications to the Plans and Designs, we do not warrant
 
the depth of our analysis or 
assume any responsibility or liability for the suitability of the Plans and Designs or the resulting Hotel Work.
 
 
6.2
 
Initial Hotel Work
.  
You will perform or cause the Hotel Work to be performed in 
accordance with this Agreement, the approved Plans and Designs, 
[
INSERT 
FOR 
EY, 
PE, 
RU
:
 
the 
approved Package, the Manual
,
 
and
 
any
 
PIP
 
attached to this Agreement
. You will bear the entire cost of 
the Hotel Work, including the cost of the Plans and Designs, professional fees, licenses, permits, 
[
INSERT 
FOR 
EY, 
PE, 
RU
:
 
Packages, equipment, furnit
ure, furnishings and supplies. 
You are solely responsible for 
obtaining all necessary licenses, permits and zoning variances required
 
for the Hotel Work
, and for ensuring 
that all Hotel Work complies with the Standards, the Manual, any PIP, and all Laws
. 
 
 
 
6.3
 
Com
mencement and Completion of the 
Hotel Work
.
 
 
6.3.1
 
You will commence the Hotel Work on or before the Construction Commencement 
Date or Renovation Commencement D
ate specified in the Addendum
 
or any PIP
.
 
You must promptly 
provide 
to us 
evidence 
satisfactory to us 
that the Construction Work 
or Renovation Work 
has commenced
. 
Once commenced, the Hotel Work will continue uninterrupted except to the extent continuation is prevented 
by events of Force Majeure
. 
Y
ou 
must 
give written notice to us 
specifying
 
the nature 
and duration 
of 
any 
event 
of Force Majeure 
prompt
ly after becoming aware of the
 
event
 
of Force Majeure
, and 
specifying 
that 
you have
 
used, and continue to use, reasonable endeavours to mitigate the effects of such event 
of Force 
Majeure 
until such event 
of Force Majeure 
ceases to exist
.
 
 
6.3.2
 
The Hotel Work must be completed
,
 
and the Hotel must be furnished, equipped, 
and otherwise made ready to open in accordance with the terms of this Agreement no later than the 
Construction Work Completion Date or Renovation Work Completion D
ate specified in the Addendum
 
or 
any PIP
, as the applicable 
d
ate may be extended
.
 
 
6.3.3
 
[SELECT FOR ND/CV AND PRE
-
OPENING COO]: 
Despite
 
your obligation to 
commence and complete Hotel Work by the agreed deadlines, we agree that the 
Construction 
Commencement Date, Renovation Commencement Date, Construction Work Completion Date, or 

 
18
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
Renovation Work Completion Date specified in the Addendum 
or any PIP 
will 
be automatically extended 
by thirty (30) days 
on a rolling ba
sis, 
unles
s we provide 
at least 
sixty (60) daysΓÇÖ 
notice to you that
 
these 
automatic extensions of the applicable deadline
 
no longer apply. 
You must obtain our approval 
for
 
any 
further extension of the applicable deadline after receipt of our notice. We may, in our sole discretion, grant 
or deny approval, or condition our approval of your extension request on (a)
 
your payment
 
of our then
-
current extension fee; (b)
 
your
 
prompt
 
submission of a written status of the project, including such 
information as we might reasonably request
; and/or (c) any other 
conditions we 
consider 
appropriate under 
the circumstance
s.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we authorize the opening of the Hotel before the Hotel 
Work is completed, then as of the Opening Date, such automatic extensions of the Construction Work 
Completion Date and Renovation Work Completion Date, as applicable, 
will no longer ap
ply
.
]
 
[SELECT 
FOR POST
-
OPENING COO AND RL:  
You may request an extension of the Renovation Commencement 
Date, or the Renovation Work Completion Date specified in the Addendum or any PIP by submitting a 
request for our approval before the applicable deadline, describing the
 
status of the project and the reason 
for the requested 
extension, an
d
 
paying our then
-
current extension fee. We may, in our sole discretion, 
grant or deny approval, or condition our approval of your extension request on (a) your payment of our 
then
-
current extension fee; (b) your prompt submission of a written status of the
 
project, including such 
information as we might reasonably request; and/or (c) any other conditions we consider appropriate under 
the circumstances.
]
 
 
6.4
 
Opening the Hotel
.
 
 
6.4.1
 
If the Hotel is not open under the Brand on the Effective Date, y
ou will open the 
Hotel on the Opening Date.  You will not open the Hotel unless and until you receive our written consent to 
do so pursuant to 
Subsection 
6.4.2 or 6.4.3.
 
 
6.4.2
 
You will give us at least fifteen (15) days advance notice that you have complied 
with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement a
nd the Hotel is ready to open. 
We will use reasonable 
efforts within 
fifteen 
(
15
) days after we receive your notice to visit the Hotel and to conduct other 
investigations as we deem necessary to determine whether to authorize the opening of the Hotel, but we 
will not be liable for delays or loss occasioned by our inability to complete
 
our investigation and to make 
this determination within the 
fifteen 
(
15
) day period.  If you fail to pass our initial opening site visit, we may, 
in our sole business judgment, charge you reasonable fees associated with any additional visits. 
 
 
6.4.3
 
We shall be entitled to withhold 
our 
consent to the opening of the Hotel until: 
 
 
6.4.3.1
 
your architect, general contractor or other certified professional 
provide
s
 
us with a certificate stating that the as
-
built premises comply with all Laws relating to 
accessibility/accommodations/facilities for those with disabilities
;
 
 
6.4.3.2
 
you have complied with all the terms and conditions in this Agreement;
 
 
6.4.3.3
 
your staff has received adequate training and instruction in the manner 
we require; 
 
 
6.4.3.4
 
you have 
received authorization to open the Hotel from the relevant 
governmental authority for the jurisdiction in which the Hotel is located, if applicable; 
 
 
6.4.3.5
 
all fees and charges you owe to us 
or 
our Affiliates
 
have been paid
; 
and
 
6.4.3.6
 
any actual
 
or
 
alleged breach of
, o
r
 
dispute 
relating to the subject matter 
of
,
 
any representation, warranty or obligation under Section 
16.12
 
of this Agreement
 
has been resolved to 
our satisfaction
.
  
 
 
 
 
 

 
19
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
6.4.4
 
Opening the Hotel before the Opening Date is a material breach of this Agreement.
 
 
6.4.4.1
 
You will pay us Liquidated Damages in the amount of 
Five 
Thousand 
Dollars ($5
,0
00) per day 
if you open the Hotel before the Opening Date
 
to compensate us for the
 
damage 
caused by such breach. 
You must also reimburse 
us 
for all of our
 
costs and expenses, including legal fees, 
incurred in enforcing 
our 
rights under this Agreement.  
 
 
6.4.4.2
 
These Liquidated Damages for damage to our Marks shall not limit or 
exclude any other remedies we
 
may have at law or in equity. 
You acknowledge and agree that the 
Liquidated Damages payable under this Subsection represent a reasonable estimate of the minimum just 
and fair compensation for the damages we will suffer as the result of the opening of the Hotel before the 
Opening Date i
n material breach of this Agreement.
 
 
6.5
 
Performance of Agreement
.  
You must satisfy all of the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, and equip, supply
,
 
and otherwise make the Hotel ready to open under our Standards. As a 
result of your efforts to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you will incur significant 
expense and expen
d substantial time and effort. 
You acknowledge and agree that we will have no liability 
or obligation to you for any losses, obligations, liabilities or expenses you incur if we do not authorize the 
Hotel to open or if we terminat
e this Agreement because you have not complied with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.
 
 
6.6
 
Hotel Refurbishment
 
and Room Addition
.
 
 
6.6.1
 
W
e may 
periodically 
require you to modernize, rehabilitate and/or upgrade the 
HotelΓÇÖs 
[
INSERT 
FOR 
EY, 
PE, 
RU
:
 
Package, 
fixtures, equipment, furnishings, 
finishes, 
furniture, signs, 
computer hardware and software and related equipment, supplies and other items to me
et the then
-
current 
Standards. Y
ou will make these changes at your sole cost and expense and in the time frame we require
.  
 
 
6.6.2
 
You may not make any significant changes (including major changes in structure, 
design or d├⌐cor) in the Hotel. 
[
INSERT 
FOR 
EY, 
PE, 
RU
:
 
As long as they do not change or affect Package 
requirements, 
[
m/
M
]
inor redecoration and minor structural changes that comply with our Standards will not 
be considered significant
.
 
 
6.6.3
 
You may not make any change in the number of approved Guest Rooms
 
in the 
Addendum
 
without our prior consent
. 
If 
you wish to 
add additional Guest Rooms to the Hotel after the 
Opening Date, you must submit an application to obtain our conse
nt, pay our then
-
current Room Addition 
Fee, 
and execute an amendment to this Agreement in the form required by us
. 
A
s 
a condition to our grant
ing 
approval of your
 
application, we may require you to modernize, rehabilitate or upgrade the Hotel
 
in 
accordance with 
Subsection 
6.6.1
 
of this Agreement, and to pay us our then
-
current PIP Fee to prepare a 
PIP to determine the renovation requirement
s for
 
the Hotel
.
 
 
7.0
 
MANAGEMENT OF THE HOTEL
 
 
7.1
 
You are solely responsible for the management of the HotelΓÇÖs business
, including (but not 
limited to) staffing the Hotel so that it can operate in accordance with the Standards
. You will provide 
qualifie
d and experienced management (
ΓÇ£
Management Company
ΓÇ¥) 
[IF APPLICABLE
:
 
at least six (6) 
months before the Opening Date
]
. 
Your 
M
anagement 
C
ompany must be approved by us in writing
. 
We 
have the right to communicate directly with the Management Comp
any and managers at the Hotel
 
regarding 
the HotelΓÇÖs operations and compliance with the Standards and/or this Agreement
.
 
We may rely on the 
communications of such managers or Management Co
mpany as being on your behalf. 
Any Management 
Company 
and its employees 
must have the authority to perform all of your obligations 
under this 
Agreement. 
The engagement of a Management Company does not reduce your ob
ligations under this 
Agreement. 
In the case 
of any conflict between this Agreement and any agreement with the Management 
Company, this Agreement prevails. 
 
 

 
20
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
7.2
 
You represent and agree that you have not, and will not, enter into any lease, management 
agreement or other similar arrangement for the operation of the Hotel or any part of the Hotel with
out our 
prior written consent. 
To be approved by us as the operator of the Hotel, you
,
 
or
 
any proposed Management 
Company
,
 
must be qualified to manage the Hotel.  We may refuse to approve you
 
or
 
any proposed 
Management Comp
any 
that 
is a Competitor or whic
h, in our business judgment, is inexperienced
,
 
or 
unqualified in man
agerial skills or operating capability
,
 
or is unable or unwilling to adhere fully to your 
obligations under this Agreement.  
 
 
7.3
 
If your approved 
Management Company 
becomes a Competitor
, resigns or
 
is terminated 
by you
,
 
or otherwise bec
omes unsuitable
 
or unqualified,
 
in our sole business judgment
,
 
to manage the 
Hotel during the Term, you will have ninety
 
(90) days to retain a
 
substitute Management Company 
that is 
acceptable to us
.
 
 
 
8.0
 
PAYMENT OF FEES
 
 
8.1
 
Monthly Fees
.
  
Beginning on the Opening Date, you will pay to us for each month (or part 
of a month, including the final month you operate under this Agreement) the Monthly Fees, each of which 
is set forth in the Addendum.
 
 
8.2
 
Calculation and Payment of Fee
s
.
 
 
8.2.1
 
The Monthly Fees will be calculated in accordance with the accounting methods 
of the then
-
current Uniform System of Accounts for the Lodging Industry
, 
or 
as 
specified by us in the 
Manual
.  
 
 
8.2.2
 
The Monthly Fee
s
 
will be paid to us at the place and in the manner we designate 
on or before the fifteenth (15
th
) day of each month and will be accompanied by our standard schedule 
setting forth in reasonable detail the computation of the Monthly Fee
s 
for such month.  
 
 
8.2.3
 
We may require you to 
transmit the Monthly Fees and all other payments required 
under this Agreement by wire transfer or other form of electronic funds transfer and to provide the standard 
schedule in electr
onic form. 
You must bear all costs of wire transfer or other form of electronic funds transfer 
or other electronic payment and reporting.  
 
 
8.2.4
 
In the event of fire or other insured casualty that results in a reduction of Gross 
Rooms Revenue
 
[INSERT ONLY FOR HFS
:
 
and Gross Food and Beverage Revenue
]
, you will determine 
and pay us, from the proceeds of any business interruption or other insurance applicable to loss of 
revenues, an amount equal to the forecasted Monthly Fees, based 
on
 
the Gross Rooms Revenue 
[INSERT 
ONLY FOR HFS
:
 
and Gross Food and Beverage Revenue
]
 
amounts agreed 
on
 
between you and your 
insurance company that would have been paid to us in the absence of such casualty.  
 
 
8.2.5
 
[INSERT ONLY FOR HFS
:
 
If Hotel accommodations are bundled with food and 
beverage arrangements or other services when charged to the customer, you will make a good faith 
reasonable allocation of the resulting revenue between Gross Rooms Revenue and Gross Food and 
Beverage Reven
ue, consistent with the Uniform System of Accounts for the
 
Lodging Industry.
 
 
8.3
 
Other Fees
.  
You will timely pay 
or fund 
all amounts due us or any of 
our Affiliates
 
for any 
invoices or for goods or services purchased by or provided to you or paid by us or any of 
our Affiliates
 
on 
your behalf
.  
 
 
8.4
 
Taxes
.
  
If a Gross Receipts Tax is imposed 
on
 
us or 
any of 
our Affiliates
 
based on 
payments made by you related to this Agreement, then you must reimburse us or 
the affected
 
Affiliates
 
for 
such Gross Receipts Tax to ensure that the amount we or 
our Affiliates
 
retain
, after paying the Gross 
Receipts Tax, equals the net amount of the payments you are required to pay us or 
our Affiliates
 
had such 
Gross Receipts Tax not been imposed.  You are not required to pay income taxes payable by us or any 
of 
our Affiliates
 
as
 
a result of our net income relating to fees collected under this Agreement.
 

 
21
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
8.5
 
Application of Fees
.  We may apply any amounts received from you to any amounts due 
under this Agreement
.
 
 
8.6
 
Guaranty
.
  
If we send you a written notice that you are in default of this Agreement for your 
failure
 
to
 
timely pay 
or fund 
all amounts due us or any of our Affiliates
, 
then we may require, 
as a
n additional
 
condition of curing the default
, that you
 
cause 
a
 
third party 
that is 
acceptable to us to provide 
a 
guaranty 
covering all of your obligations under this Agreement in
 
a 
form and substance 
that is 
acceptable to us
.
 
 
8.7
 
Set
-
off
.  
We 
may, without prior notice to you, set off any amounts 
due to us or any of our 
Affiliates 
by you or any of your Affiliates 
against 
any
 
amounts that we or our Affiliates owe to you or your 
Affiliates
, 
to the extent
 
such amounts arise 
under this Agreement or any of Your Hotel Agreements
, without 
waiving any other rights and remedies we or any of our Affiliates may have available under this Agreement 
or any of Your Hotel Agreements or otherwise.  
 
 
9.0
 
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
 
 
9.1
 
Our Proprietary Rights
.
 
 
9.1.1
 
You will not contest, either directly or indirectly during 
or after 
the Term:  
 
 
9.1.1.1
 
our (and/or any 
of our
 
AffiliatesΓÇÖ
) ownership of, rights to and interest in 
the System, Brand, Marks and any of their elements or components, including present and future 
distinguishing characteristics
 
and agree that neither you nor any design or construction professional 
engaged by you may use our Standards, our Manual or your approved Plans and Designs for any hotel or 
lodging project other than the Hotel
; 
 
 
9.1.1.2
 
our sole right to grant licenses to use all or any elements or 
components of the System; 
 
 
9.1.1.3
 
that we (and/or 
our Affiliates
) are the owner of (or the 
licensee
 
of, with 
the right to sub
-
license) all right, title and interest in and to the Brand and the Marks used in any form and 
in any design, alone or in any combination, together with the goodwill they symbolize; or
 
 
9.1.1.4
 
the validity or ownership of the Marks.  
 
 
9.1.2
 
You acknowledge that these Marks have acquired a secondary meaning
 
or 
distinctiveness
 
which indicates that the Hotel, Brand and System are operated by or with our approval.  All 
improvements and additions to, or associated with, the System, all Marks, and all goodwill arising from your 
use of the System and the 
Marks, will inure to our benefit and bec
ome our property (or that of our
 
applicable 
Affiliate
s
), even if you develop them.
 
[S
ELECT FOR 
AQ, 
EY, 
ID
, UD
: You acknowledge that the following 
Marks owned by us (or which we have the right to use and sublicense) are still pending federal registration 
as of the Effective Date:
 
 
[SELECT FOR AQ:
 
 
Mark
 
Application Number
 
Registration Number
 
Registration Date
 
APARTMENT 
COLLECTION 
 
BY HILTON
 
99594599
 
Pending
 
Pending
 
 

 
22
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
[SELECT FOR EY:
 
 
Mark
 
Application Number
 
Registration Number
 
Registration Date
 
LIVSMART 
STUDIOS BY 
HILTON (word)
 
98109885
 
Pending
 
Pending
 
LIVSMART 
STUDIOS BY 
HILTON (with logo)
 
98347644
 
Pending
 
Pending
 
LIVSMART 
 
(design logo)
 
98547660
 
Pending
 
Pending
 
 
[SELECT FOR ID:
 
 
Mark
 
Application Number
 
Registration Number
 
Registration Date
 
OUTSET 
COLLECTION BY 
HILTON (word)
 
99334608
 
Pending
 
Pending
 
 
[SELECT FOR UD: 
 
 
Mark
 
Application Number
 
Registration Number
 
Registration Date
 
UNDERGRADUATE 
BY HILTON (word)
 
99318181
 
Pending
 
Pending
 
UNDERGRADUATE 
BY HILTON (word)
 
99318187
 
Pending
 
Pending
 
 
9.1.3
 
You 
agree not to directly or indirectly dilute the value of the goodwill attached to 
the Marks, the Brand or the System. You 
will not apply for or obtain any trademark or service mark 
registration of any of the Marks or any confusingly
 
similar marks in your name or on behalf of or for the 
benefit of anyone else.  You acknowledge that you are not entitled to receive any payment or other value 
from us or from any of 
our Affiliates
 
for any goodwill associated with your use of the System or the Marks, 
or any elemen
ts or components of the System. 
 
 
9.2
 
Trade Name, Use of the Marks
.
 
 
9.2.1
 
Trade Name.
 
 
9.2.1.1
 
The Hotel will be initially known by the Trade N
ame set forth in the 
Addendum. 
We may change the Trade Name, the Brand name and/or any of the Marks (but not the Principal 
Mark), or the way in which any of them (including the Principal Mark) are depicted, at any time at our so
le 
option and at your expense. 
You may not change the Trade Name without our specific prior written consent.
 
 
 
9.2.1.2
 
You acknowledge and agree that you are not acquiring the right to use 
any 
business names, copyrights, designs, 
distinguishing characteristics, 
domain names, emblems, insignia, 
logos, slogans, 
service marks, 
symbols, 
trademarks
,
 
trad
e dress
, 
trade names
 
or 
any 
other marks or 
characteristics owned by us or licensed to us that we do not specifically designate to be used in the System.
 
 
9.3
 
Use of Trade Name and Marks
.
 
You will operate under the Marks, using
 
the Trade Name, 
at the Hotel. 
You will not adopt any other names or marks in operating t
he Hotel without our approval. 
You 
will not, without our prior written consent, use any of the Marks, or the word ΓÇ£Hilton,ΓÇ¥ or other Network 
trademarks, trade names or service marks, or any similar words or acronyms, in:
 
 

 
23
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
9.3.1
 
your corporate, partnership, business or trade name;
 
 
9.3.2
 
any Internet
-
related name (including a domain name)
;
 
 
 
9.3.3
 
or any business operated separately from the Hotel, including the name or identity 
of developments adjacent to or associated with the Hotel.  
 
 
9.4
 
Trademark Disputes
.
 
 
9.4.1
 
You will immediately notify us of any infringement or dilution of or challenge to your 
use of any of the Marks and will not, absent a court order or our prior written consent, communicate with 
any other person regarding any such infringement,
 
dilution, challenge or claim. 
We will take the action we 
deem appropriate with respect to such challenges and claims and have the sole right to handle disputes 
concerning use of all or any part of the Mark
s or the System. 
You will
 
fully cooperate with us and our
 
applic
able 
Affiliate
s
 
in these matters. 
We
 
will reimburse you for expenses incurred by you as the direct 
result of activities undertaken by you at our prior written request and specifically relating to 
the trademark 
dispute at issue. 
We will not reimburse you for any other expenses incurred by you for cooperating with us 
or 
our Affiliates
.  
 
 
9.4.2
 
You appoint us as your exclusive
,
 
true and lawful 
attorney
-
in
-
fact, to prosecute, 
defend and/or settle all disputes of
 
this type at our sole option. 
You will sign any documents we or 
our
 
applicable 
Affiliate
 
believe are necessary to prosecute, defend or settle any dispute or obtain protection for 
the Marks and the System and will assign to us any claims you may have related to these matters.  Our 
decisions as to the prosecution, defense or settlement
 
of the dispute will be final. 
All recoveries made as a 
re
sult of disputes regarding use of all or part of the System or the Marks will be for our account. 
 
 
9.5
 
Web Sites
.
 
 
9.5.1
 
You may not register, own, 
or 
maintain any Sites that relate to the Network
,
 
or the 
Hotel
, or that include the Marks. 
The only domain names, Sites, or Site contractors that you may use relating 
to the Hotel or this Agreement are those we assign or otherwise approve in writing.  You acknowledge that 
you may not, without a legal license or other legal right, post on your Si
tes any material in which any third 
party has any direct or indirect ownership interest.  You must incorporate on your Sites any informati
on we 
require in the manner we deem necessary to protect our Marks.  
 
 
9.5.2
 
Any use of the Marks on any Site must conform to our requirements, including the 
identity and graphics S
tandards for all System hotels.
 
Given the changing nature of this technology, we 
have the right to withhold our approval, and to withdraw any prior approval, and to modify our requirements.  
 
 
9.6
 
Covenant
.
 
 
9.6.1
 
You agree, as a direct covenant with us and 
our Affiliates
, that you will comply with 
all of the provisions of this Agreement related to the manner, terms and conditions of the use of the Marks 
and the termination of any right on you
r part to use any of the Marks.
 
Any non
-
compliance by you with this 
covenant or the terms of this Agreement related to the Marks, or any unauthorized or improper use of the 
System or the Marks, will cause irreparable damage to us and/or 
our Affiliates
 
and is a material breach of 
this Agreement.  
 
 
9.6.2
 
If you engage in such non
-
compliance or unauthorized and/or improper use of the 
System or the Marks during or after the Term, we and any 
of our 
applicable 
Affiliate
s
, along with the 
successors and assigns of each, will be entitled to both temporary and permanent injunctive relief against 
you from any court of competent jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies we or 
our Affiliates
 
may have 
at law. 
You consent to the entry of such tempor
ary and permanent injunctions. 
You must pay all costs and 
expenses
, including reasonable attorneysΓÇÖ fees, expert fees, costs and other expenses of litigation that we 
and/or 
our Affiliates
 
may incur in connection with your non
-
compliance with this covenant. 
 
 

 
24
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
10.0
 
R
EPORTS
, R
ECORDS
, A
UDITS
, 
AND 
P
RIVACY
 
 
10.1
 
Reports
.
 
 
10.1.1
 
At our request, you will prepare and deliver to us the Reports containing the 
Operational Information (and any other information we reasonabl
y
 
require) in the form, manner and time 
frame we require.
 
At a minimum, by the fifteenth (15
th
) day of each month, you will submit to us the 
Operational Information for the previous month
,
 
and reflecting the computation of the amounts then due 
under 
Section
 
8
, in the form, manner and time frame we require. 
 
 
10.1.2
 
At our request, you 
will
 
certify t
he Reports as accu
rate in the manner we require. 
You 
must
 
permit us to inspect your books and records at all reasonable times.  
 
 
10.2
 
Maintenance of Records
.
 
 
You wil
l prepare, on a current basis, 
and preserve for no less 
than the greater of four 
(4) years or the time period 
stated in ou
r record retention requirements
, complete 
and accurate records concerning Gross Rooms Revenue and all financial, operating, marketing a
nd other 
aspects of the Hotel. 
You will maintain an accounting system that fully and accurately reflects all financial 
aspects 
of the Hotel and its business.
 
These records will include books of account, tax returns, 
governmental reports, register tapes, daily reports, and complete quar
terly and annual financial statements 
(including profit and loss statements, balance sheets and cash flow statements)
,
 
and will be prepared in 
the form, manner and time frame we require.  
 
 
10.3
 
Audit
.
 
 
10.3.1
 
We may require you to have the Gross Rooms Revenue, fees or other monies due 
to us computed and certified as accurate by a c
ertified public accountant. 
During the Term
,
 
and for two (2) 
years thereafter, we and our authorized agents have the right to verify Operational Information required 
under this Agreement by requesting, receiving, inspecting and auditing, at all reasonable times, any and all 
records
 
referred to above wherever the records 
may be located (or elsewhere if we request).  
 
 
10.3.2
 
If any inspection or audit reveals that you understated or underpaid any payment 
due to us, you will promptly pay to us the deficiency
,
 
plus interest from the date each payment was due 
until paid at the interest rate set forth in 
Section
 
16
.15
 
of this Agreement.
 
 
10.3.3
 
If the audit or inspection reveals that the underpayment is willful, or is for five 
percent (5%) or more of the total amount owed for the period being inspected, you will also reimburse us 
for all inspection and audit costs, including reasonable travel, lo
dging, meals, salaries and other expenses 
of the inspecting or auditing personnel.  Our acceptance of your payment of any deficiency will not waive 
any rights we may have as a result of your breach, including our right to terminate this Agreement.  If the 
audit discloses an overpayment, we will credit this overpayment against your future payments due under 
this Agreement, without interest, or, if no future payments are due under this Agreement, we will promptly 
pay you the amount of the overpayment without 
interest.  
 
 
10.4
 
Ownership of Information
.  
All 
i
nformation that we provide to you
, including but not limited 
to Personal Information, 
for 
your use 
in connection with operating the Hotel during the Term is our property. 
You may not use any such 
i
nformation after the Term
, 
except as expressly permitted by us 
in writing 
in the 
Standards or otherwise
. 
All Information 
we obtain from you 
and all revenues we derive from such 
Information will be our property
 
that 
we may use for any reason
, including making a financial performance 
representation in our franchise disclosure documents.  
At your sole risk and responsibility, y
ou may use 
Information that you acqui
re from third parties in 
connection with 
operating the Hotel, such as Personal 
Information
 
(but not including any 
Personal I
nformation obtained in connection with guest reservations or 
any loyalty 
or frequent
 
guest 
program operated by us or our 
A
ffiliates)
,
 
at any time during or after the Term
,
 
to the extent 
that your use 
is permitted by 
Law.
 
 
 
 
 

 
25
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
 
10.5
 
Privacy and Data Protection
.
  
You will:
 
 
 
10.5.1
 
comply with all applicable Privacy Laws;  
 
 
10.5.2
 
comply with all Standards that relate to Privacy Laws and the privacy and security 
of Personal Information;  
 
 
10.5.3
 
refrain from any action or inaction that could cause us or 
our Affiliates
 
to breach 
any Privacy Laws;  
 
 
10.5.4
 
do and execute, or arrange to be done and executed, each act, document and 
thing we deem necessary in our business judgment to keep us and 
our Affiliates
 
in compliance with the 
Privacy Laws; and 
 
 
10.5.5
 
immediately report to us the theft or loss of Personal Information (other than the 
Personal Information of your own officers, directors, shareholders, employees or service providers).  
 
 
11.0
 
C
ONDEMNATION AND CASUALTY
 
 
11.1
 
Condemnation
.
  
You must 
immediately inform us of any proposed taking of any portion o
f 
the Hotel by eminent domain. 
If, in our business judgment, the taking is significant enough to render the 
continued operation of the Hotel in accordance with the Standards and guest expectations impractical, then 
we may terminate this Agreement 
on
 
written notice to you and you will 
not pay us Liquidated Damages
 
[SELECT FOR OL 
or a Termination Fee
]
. 
If such taking, in our business judgment, does not require the 
termination of this Agreement, then
 
you will make all necessary modifications to make the Hotel conform 
to its condition, character and appearance immediately before such taking, according to 
P
lans and 
Designs
 
approved by us.  You will take all measures to ensure that the resumption of normal operations at the Hotel 
is not unreasonably delayed.
 
 
 
11.2
 
Casualty
.
 
 
11.2.1
 
You must immediately inform us if the Hotel is damaged by fire or other casualty
 
or 
e
vent of Force Majeure
. If the damage or repair requires closing the Hotel, you may choose to repair or 
rebuild the Hotel according to the Standards, provided you: begin reconstruction within six (6) months after 
closing and reopen the Hotel for continuous business operations a
s soon as practicable (but in any event 
no later than eighteen (18) months after the closing of the Hotel) and give us at least thirty (30) 
daysΓÇÖ notice
 
of the projected date of reopening.  
Once the Hotel is closed, y
ou will not promote the Hotel as a Syst
em 
Hotel or otherwise identify the Hotel using any of the Marks wit
hout our prior written consent.
 
 
 
11.2.2
 
You and we each have the right to terminate this Agreement if you elect not to 
repair or rebuild the Hotel as set forth above in 
S
ubs
ection
 
11.2.1
, provided the terminating 
P
arty gives the 
other 
P
arty sixty (60) days written notice.  
You are not required 
to pay 
Liquidated Damages
 
[SELECT FOR 
OL 
or a Termination Fee
]
 
unless you or
 
one of your 
Affiliates
 
own and/or 
operate a hotel at the Hotel Site 
within three (3) years of the termination date 
under a lease, license or franchise 
from a Competitor. 
 
 
11.3
 
No Extensions of Term
.
  
Nothing in this 
Section
 
11
 
will extend the Term.
 
 
 
12.0
 
T
RANSFERS
 
 
12.1
 
Our Transfer
.
 
 
12.1.1
 
We 
may assign or Transfer this Agreement or any of our rights, duties, or assets 
under this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, to any person or legal entity without your consent
,
 
provided that any such person or legal entity shall be required to assume all of our obligations to permit you 
to operate the Hotel under th
e Brand after such assignment. 
Any of 
our Affiliates
 
may transfer, sell, dispose 

 
26
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
of, or otherwise convey, their ownership rights in us 
or any 
of our
 
Affiliates
, by operation of law or otherwise, 
including by public offering, to any person or legal entity without your consent.  
 
 
12.1.2
 
If we assign this Agreement 
to a third party who expressly assumes our obligations 
under this Agreement, we will no longer have any performance or other obligations to you under this 
Agreement and your right to use any programs, rights or services provided to you by us or our Affilia
tes 
under this Agreement will terminate.
 
 
12.2
 
Your Transfer
.
 
You understand and acknowledge that the rights and duties in this 
Agreement are personal to you and that we are entering into this Agreement in reliance on your business 
skill, financial capacity, and the personal character of you
 
and your 
officers, directors, partners, members, 
shareholders or trustees
. 
A Transfer by you 
(or by an
 
Eq
uity Owner
 
as 
of the Effective Date, or by a
 
transfer
ee Equity Owner we later 
approve) 
of any Equity Interest, or this Agreement, or any rights or 
obl
igations under this Agre
ement, 
is prohibited other than as expressly permitted in
 
this Agreement.
 
In any 
Transfer by you or any Equity Owne
r under this Subsection 12.2
, the proposed Transferee may not be a 
Sanctioned Person or a Competitor. 
 
 
12.2.1
 
Permitted Transfers.
 
We will permit you or any Equity Owner to engage in the 
Permitted Transfers set forth in this Subsection 12.2.1 if the Permitted Transfer meets the listed 
requirements. If a Permitted Transfer under Subsection
 
12.2.1.2 (requiring notice and our consent) 
o
therwise qualifies as a Permitted Transfer under Subsection
 
12.2.1.1 (not requiring notice or our consent), 
the less restrictive provisions of Subsection
 
12.2.1.1 will control.
 
 
12.2.1.1
 
Permitted T
ransfers That Do Not Require Notice or 
Our 
Consent.  
We will permit you or any Equity Owner to engage in the
 
following 
Permitted 
Transfers 
without giving notice 
or obtaining our consent 
if the 
Permitted 
Transfer meet
s
 
the 
listed 
requirements. 
 
 
12.2.1.1.1
 
Publicly Traded Equity Interests.
  
A Publicly Traded 
Equity Interest may be Transferred.
 
 
12.2.1.1.2
 
Privately Held Equity Interests: Less than 
50
% 
Change.
 
An Equity Interest that is not publicly traded may be Transferred if the transferee Equity Owner 
will own less than 
fifty
 
percent (
50
%) of the Equity Interest
s
,
 
in total, 
immediately after the transaction
(s)
 
as 
a result of the transaction(s)
.
 
 
12.2.1.1.3
 
Institutional Investment Funds
.
 
[IF
 
APPLICABLE
 
You 
may Transfer Equity Interests within 
[
Insert Fund Entities (collectively, the ΓÇ£
Fund Entities
ΓÇ¥) and Equity 
Interests in you to new fund entities or new managed accounts (collectively, ΓÇ£
Future Funds
ΓÇ¥) if 
[
Insert 
Name of Asset Manager
]
 
(ΓÇ£
Asset Manager
ΓÇ¥) directly or indirectly, controls the Fund Entities or Future 
Funds.
 
12.2.1.2
 
Permitted 
Transfers That Require Notice and 
Our 
Consent.
 
We will 
permit you or any Equity Owner to engage in t
he following 
Permitted 
Transfers 
if the Permitted Transfer
 
meets the listed requirements.
 
For Permitted Transfers under this Subsection, you must
:
 
(a)
 
give us at least 
sixty (60) daysΓÇÖ advance written notice of the proposed 
Permitted 
Transfer (including the identity and contact 
information for any proposed 
transferee); (
b
)
 
pay to us
 
on request
 
our then
-
current
 
nonrefundable 
processing fee;
 
(
c
)
 
follow our then
-
current procedure for processing Permitted Transfers
, including 
providing any information we may require in order to review the prop
osed Transfer
 
and completing
 
our 
then
-
current compliance process
; and (
d
)
 
execute
 
our then
-
current standard
 
documents required for 
processing Permitted Transfers.
 
 
12.2.1.2.1
 
Affiliate Transfer.
 
You or any Equity Owner may 
Transfer an Equity Interest or this Agreement to an Affiliate.  
 
 
12.2.1.2.2
 
Transfers to a Family Member or Trust.
 
If you or any 
Equity Owner as of the Effective Date are a natural person, you and such Equity Owner may Transfer an 

 
27
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
Equity Interest or this Agreement to an immediate family member (i.e., spouse, children, parents, siblings) 
or to a trust for your benefit or the benefit of the Equity Owner or the Equity OwnerΓÇÖs immediate family 
members.  
 
 
12.2.1.2.3
 
Transfer 
o
n
 
Death.
 
On
 
the death of 
Franchisee
 
or an 
Equity Owner who is a natural person, this Agreement or the Equity Interest of the deceased Equity Owner 
may Transfer in accordance with such personΓÇÖs will or, if such person dies intestate, in accordance with 
laws of intestacy governing the distrib
ution of such personΓÇÖs estate, provid
ed that: (a
) the 
t
ransfer
 
on
 
d
eath 
is to an immediate family member or to a legal entity formed b
y such family member(s); and (b
) within one 
(1) year after the death, such family member(s) or entity meet all of our then
-
current requirements for an 
approved Transferee.   
 
 
12.2.2
 
Change of Ownership Transfer. 
A Change of Ownership Transfer is a
ny 
Transfer 
that 
will 
result in a change of Control of you, the Hotel or the Hot
el Site, or
 
is not 
otherwise 
described in 
Subsection
 
12
.2.1
. 
We will have sixty (60) days from our receipt of the completed and signed franchise 
application to consent or withhold our consent to any proposed
 
Change of Ownership Transfer. 
Our consent 
will not be unreasonably
 
withheld. 
You consent to our communication with any 
third 
party we deem 
necessary about the 
Hotel in order for
 
us to evaluate the proposed Change of Ownership Transfer. Our 
consent to the Change of Ownership Transfer is subject to the following conditions, all of which must be 
satisfied at or 
before
 
the date of closing the Change of Ownership Transfer (ΓÇ£
Closing
ΓÇ¥):
 
 
12.2.2.1
 
Transferee submits a 
completed and signed 
Change of Ownership 
Application, pays our then
-
current franchise
 
application fee
, execu
tes our then
-
current form of
 
franchise 
agreement
,
 
and all 
required 
ancillar
y documents. 
If all conditions to our consent are fulfilled, the date of 
Closing will be the termination date of this Agreement,
 
and the effective date of 
TransfereeΓÇÖs franchise 
agreement
;
 
 
12.2.2.2
 
you
 
are not in default of this Agreement or
 
any other agreements with 
us or our 
Affiliate
s
;
 
 
12.2.2.3
 
you 
or 
Transferee 
pay 
to us, on or before the date of Clos
i
ng, 
the PIP 
F
ee, and 
all amounts due to us and 
our Affiliates
 
through the date of the Closing
. W
e will estimate 
the 
amounts 
due to us through 
the date of Closing
, which 
you and the Transferee may agree to escrow, to be 
disbursed to us at 
Closing to fulfill this obligation
. You
 
must agree to escrow the estimated amounts due to 
us if 
we agree to execute any documents pursuant to 
Standard Operating Procedure
 
50
 
10
 
5(I) (or any 
equivalent or successor) of the United States Small Business Administration
 
in connection with a Closing. 
If our estimate of the amounts due to us exceeds the amount actually owed
 
to us
, we will refund the 
difference to you, generally within thirty (30)
 
days after the date of C
losing
;
 
 
12.2.2.4
 
you
 
conclude to our satisfaction, or provide adequate security for, any 
suit, action, or proceeding pending or threatened against you, us or any 
of our 
Affiliates
 
with respect to the 
Hotel, which may result in liability on the part of us or any 
of 
our Affiliates
;  
 
 
12.2.2.5
 
you
, Transferee and/or 
Equity Owner(s)
 
of Transferee,
 
submit to us all 
information related to the Transfer that we require;
 
 
 
12.2.2.6
 
Transferee meets our 
then
-
current 
business requirements for new 
franchisees
; and
 
12.2.2.7
 
Transferee agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend us and our 
Affiliates against any 
inquiry, investigation, suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or in connection with 
any fees or costs charged to patrons or guests by you
.
 
 
12.3
 
Public Offering or Private Placement
.
 
 
 
12.3.1
 
Any 
offering by you of Securities 
requires our review if you use the Marks
, or
 
refer 
to us or this Agreement
 
in your offering.  All materials required by any Law for the offer or sale of those 

 
28
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
Securities must be submitted to us for review at least sixty (60) days before the date you distribute those 
materials or file them with any governmental agency, including any materials to be used in any offering 
exempt from registration under any securitie
s laws.
 
  
 
12.3.2
 
You must submit to us a non
-
refundable Five Thousand Dollar ($5,000) processing 
fee with the offering documents and pay any additional costs we may incur in reviewing your documents, 
includi
ng reasonable attorneysΓÇÖ fees
.  
 
 
12.3.3
 
We have the right to approve any description of this Agreement or of your 
relationship with us, or any use of the Marks, contained in any prospectus, offering memorandum or other 
communications or materials you use in the sale or offer of any Securities. 
You may not use any of the 
Marks e
xcept as legally required to describe the Hotel in the
se documents
.
 
Our review of the documents
 
will not in any way be considered our agreement with any statements contained in those documents, 
including any projections, or
 
our acknowledgment or agreemen
t that the documents
 
comply with any Laws.  
 
 
12.3.4
 
You may not sell any Securities unless you clearly disclose to all purchasers and 
offerees that
 
we, 
our Affiliates
, 
and 
our or their respective officers, directors, agents or employees
: (a
)
 
will
 
not
 
in any way be deemed an 
i
ssuer or underwriter of the Securities, as those terms are defined in 
app
licable securities laws; and (b
)
 
have not assumed and will not have any liability or responsibility for any 
financial statements, prospectuses or other financial information contained in any prospectus or similar 
wr
itten or oral communication. You may not 
state, represent, or 
imply 
that we, 
Hilton Worldwide
, 
or 
any 
other 
of our 
Affiliates
,
 
participate
 
in or endorse
 
any Securities or any Securities offerin
g
 
in any manner 
whatsoever
.
 
 
12.3.5
 
You must indemnify, defend and hold the Indemnified Parties free and harmless 
of and from any and all liabilities, costs, damages, claims or expenses arising out of or related to the sale 
or offer of any of your Securities to the same extent as provided in
 
S
ubs
ection
 
1
4
.1 
of this Agreement.   
 
 
12.4
 
Mortgages and Pledges to Lending Institutions
.  
 
 
12.4.1
 
You or an Equity Owner may mortgage or pledge the Hotel or an Equity Interest to 
a lender that finances the acquisition, development or operation of the Hotel, without notifying us or 
obtaining 
our consent
. 
 
 
12.4.2
 
You 
may request 
a 
ΓÇ£lender comfort letterΓÇ¥
 
on behalf of your lender,
 
which we will 
issue in a f
orm satisfactory to us
, subject to our right to 
charge our then
-
current
 
non
-
refundable processing 
fee
.
   
 
  
 
 
[
FOR MANAGED TO FRANCHISE CONVERSIONS, REPLACE WITH:
 
 
12.4.1
 
You or an Equity Owner may mortgage or pledge the Hotel or an Equity Interest to 
a lender that finances the acquisition, development or operation of the Hotel, provided that any Mortgage 
Lender signs a ΓÇ£lender comfort letterΓÇ¥ in the form required by us pur
suant to Subsection
 
12.4.2.
 
 
12.4.2
 
You may request a ΓÇ£lender comfort letterΓÇ¥ on behalf of your lender, which we will 
issue in a form satisfactory to us, subject to our right to 
charge our then
-
current non
-
refundable processing 
fee.  Further, you must cause each Mor
tgage Lender to sign a ΓÇ£lender comfort letterΓÇ¥ in the form required 
by us under which such Mortgage Lender agrees, among other things, (a) not to disturb or interfere with 
our rights under this Agreement notwithstanding any default under the related loan d
ocuments, and (b) t
o 
assume 
(or cause the transferee to assume) 
your obligations under this Agreement 
[
INCLUDE IF 
APPLICABLE: 
(including the Development Incentive Note attached hereto, and all obligations with respect 
to the repayment of the development incentive and the payment of the Termination Fee)
]
 
if such Mortgage 
Lender or any other transferee acquires possession and/or ownership
 
of the Hotel as a result of the exercise 
of remedies available to Mortgage Lender under its loan documents or otherwise.
 
 

 
29
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
13.0
 
T
ERMINATION
 
 
13.1
 
Termination with Opportunity to Cure
.  
We may terminate this Agreement by written 
notice to you and opportunity to cure at any time before its expiration on any of the following grounds:
 
 
 
13.1.1
 
You fail to pay us any sums due and owing to us or 
our Affiliates
 
under this 
Agreement 
or 
to pay 
or fund 
any amounts due under 
any of Your 
Hotel 
Agre
e
ments 
within the cure period 
set forth in the notice, which shall not be less than ten (10) days;  
 
 
13.1.2
 
You fail to 
commence 
or complete the Hotel Work by the 
applicable deadline date, 
including any extensions
,
 
or fail to open the 
H
otel on the Opening Date,
 
and do not cure that default within 
the cure period set forth in the notice, which shall not be less than 
ten 
(
1
0) days; 
 
 
13.1.3
 
You do not purchase or maintain insurance required by this Agreement or do not 
reimburse us for our purchase of insurance on your behalf within the cure period set forth in the notice, 
which shall not be less than ten (10) days
 
unless expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement
; or
 
 
13.1.4
 
You fail to comply with any other provision of this Agreement, the Manual or any 
Standard
,
 
or you breach a representation or warranty made in this Agreement, and you do not cure that 
default within the cure period set forth in the notice, which shall not be less than thirty (30) days
 
unless 
expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement
.
 
 
13.2
 
Immediate Termination by Us
.  
We may immediately terminate this Agreement 
on
 
written 
notice to you and without any opportunity to cure the default if: 
 
 
13.2.1
 
after curing any material breach of this Agreement or the Standards, you engage 
in the same non
-
compliance within any consecutive twenty
-
four (24) month period, whether or not the non
-
compliance is corrected after notice, which pattern of non
-
compliance in
 
and of itself will be deemed 
material;  
 
 
13.2.2
 
you receive three 
(3) 
notices of material default
 
in any twelve (12) month period, 
even if the defaults have been cured;  
 
 
13.2.3
 
you fail to pay debts as they become due or admit in writing your inability to pay 
your debts or you make a general assignment for the benefit of your creditors;    
 
 
13.2.4
 
you have an order entered against you appointing a receiver for the Hotel or a 
substantial part of your or the HotelΓÇÖs assets or you file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or any pleading 
seeking any reorganization, liquidation, or dissolution under any l
aw, or you admit or fail to contest the 
material allegations of any such pleading filed against you or the Hotel, and the action results in the entry 
of an order for relief against you under the Bankruptcy Code, the adjudication of you as insolvent, or the
 
abatement of the claims of creditors of you or the Hotel under any law;  
 
 
13.2.5
 
you 
or your Guarantor 
lose possession or the right to possession of all or a 
significant part of the Hotel or Hotel Site for any reason other than those described in 
Section
 
11
; 
 
 
13.2.6
 
you fail to operate the Hotel for five (5) consecutive days, unless the failure to 
operate is due to 
an event of Force Majeure
, provided that you have taken reasonable steps to minimize 
the impact of such events; 
 
 
13.2.7
 
you contest in any court or proceeding our ownership of the System or any part of 
the System or the validity of any of the Marks; 
 
 
13.2.8
 
you or any Equity Owner with a controlling Equity Interest
, or any of your Affiliates, 
employees, or Management Company, engage in conduct that we reasonably determine is likely to 

 
30
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
adversely reflect upon or affect in any manner the reputation, goodwill, or business of the Hotel, the System, 
us and/or any 
of our 
Affiliate
s
; 
 
 
13.2.9
 
you conceal revenues, maintain false books and records of accounts, submit false 
reports or information to us or otherwise attempt to defraud us;  
 
 
13.2.10
 
any 
Transfer is not
 
in compliance with 
Section
 
1
2
 
and its subparts;  
 
 
13.2.11
 
you, your 
Affiliate
 
or a
ny
 
Guarantor become a 
Sanctioned 
Person or are owned or 
controlled by a 
Sanctioned 
Person or fail to comply with the provisions of 
Subsection
 
16
.13
;
 
 
13.2.12
 
information is disclosed involving you or your 
Affiliates
, which, in our business 
judgment, is likely to adversely reflect 
on
 
or affect in any manner, any gaming licenses or permits held by 
us or 
our Affiliates
 
or the then
-
current stature of 
us or 
any 
of
 
our
 
Affiliates
 
with any gaming commission, 
board, or similar governmental or regulatory agency; 
 
 
13.2.13
 
any Guarantor breaches its 
guaranty
 
to us;
 
 
13.2.14
 
a threat or danger to public health or safety results from the construction, 
maintenance, or operation of the 
Hotel
;
 
 
13.2.15
 
you, your Affiliate or a Guarantor become a Competitor
,
 
excep
t as otherwis
e 
permitted by Subsection 5.1.2
9
; 
 
 
13.2.16
 
you breach any representation, warranty, or obligation in Section 
16.12
 
of this 
Agreement
; or
 
 
 
13.2.17
 
any 
of Your 
Hotel 
Agreements
 
is terminated based on a 
breach or 
default
 
by 
you 
or your 
Affiliates
.  
 
 
13.3
 
Interim Remedies
.  
If 
we send 
you 
a 
written 
notice that you 
are in default of this 
Agreement, we may elect to impose an Interim Remedy, including the suspension of our obligations under 
this Agreement and/or our or 
our AffiliatesΓÇÖ 
obligations under 
Your 
Hotel 
Agreements. 
 
 
 
13.3.1
 
We may suspend the Hotel from the Reservation Service and any reservation 
and/or website servi
ces provided through or by us. 
We may remove the listing of the Hotel from any 
directories or advertising we publish. 
If we suspend the Hotel from the Reservation Service, we may divert 
reservations previously made for the Hotel to other System Hotels or Network Hotels. 
 
 
13.3.2
 
We may disable all or any part of the software provided to you under Your 
Hotel 
Agreements and/or may suspend any one or more of the information technology and/or network services 
that we provide or 
support under Your 
Hotel 
Agreements. 
We may charge you for costs related to 
suspending or disabling your right to use any software systems or technology we provided to you, together 
with intervention or administration fees as set forth in the Standards
.
 
 
13.3.3
 
We m
ay revoke
 
a
ny
 
financial accommodations
 
(including but not limited to any 
Monthly Fee discounts, fee ramps or fee waivers
)
 
that we have granted 
and charge 
you 
the then
-
current 
standard fee 
or charge 
that would 
have 
otherwise appl
ied
 
absent the temporary 
financial accommodation.
 
 
13.3.4
 
You agree that our
 
exercise of the right to 
Interim Remedies will not result in actual 
or constructive termination or abandonment of this
 
Agreement, and that our right
 
to 
Interim Remedies is in 
addition to, and apart from, any other right or remedy 
we may have in this Agreement. 
If
 
we exercise the 
right to 
Interim Remedies, the exercise will not be a waiver of any breach by you of any term, covenant o
r 
condition of 
this Agreement. 
You will not be entitled to any compensation, including repayment, 

 
31
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
reimbursement, refund or offsets, for any fees, charges, expenses or losses you may directly or indirectly 
incur by reason of our exercise and/or withdrawal of any Interim Remedy.  
 
 
[SELECT THE APPROPRIATE SUBPARAGRAPH 13.4; DELETE ALL HIGHLIGHTED LANGUAGE 
AND UPDATE TABLE OF CONTENTS]
 
 
[S
ELECT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT OL
:
 
 
13.4
 
Liquidated Damages 
on
 
Termination
.
 
 
13.4.1
 
Calc
ulation of Liquidated Damages. 
You acknowledge and agree that the 
premature termination of this Agreement will c
ause substantial damage to us. 
You agree that Liquidated 
Damages are not a penalty, but represent a reasonable estimate of the minimum just and fair compensation 
for the damages we will suffer as the result of your failure to o
perate the Hotel for the Term. 
If this Agreement 
terminates 
before
 
the Expiration Date, you will pay us Liquidated Damages as follows:
 
 
13.4.1.1
 
[
DELETE IF COO/RL
 
and insert: INTENTIONALLY DELETED
]
 
If 
termination occurs before you begin the Hotel Work
,
 
and you or any Guarantor (or your or any GuarantorΓÇÖs 
Affiliates) directly or indirectly, enter into a franchise, license, management, lease and/or other similar 
agreement for or begin construction or commence operation of a hotel, motel, inn, or similar f
acility at the 
Hotel Site within one (1) year after termination, then you will pay us Liquidated Damages in an amount 
equal to 
[SELECT FOR DT
,
 
ES
,
 
H2
,
 
HAM
,
 
HFS
,
 
HGI
,
 
HW
S
,
 
PY, RU, UP, QQ 
the SystemΓÇÖs Average 
Monthly Royalty Fees multiplied by sixty (60).
]
 
[SELECT FOR 
AQ, 
GU
, ID
, UD
 
$11,200 multiplied by the 
number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel.
]
 
[SELECT FOR 
P
O
,
 
UAB 
$
1
3
,
0
00
 
multiplied by the number 
of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel.
]
 
[SELECT FOR
 
P
E, EY
 
$10,000 multiplied by the number of 
approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel.
]
 
 
13.4.1.2
 
[D
ELETE IF COO/RL
 
and insert: INTENTIONALLY DELETED
]
 
If 
termination occurs after you begin the Hotel Work but before the Opening Date, 
unless your failure to 
complete the Hotel Work was the result of Force Majeure
,
 
you will pay us Liquidated Damages in an amount 
equal to 
[SELECT FOR DT
,
 
ES
,
 
H2
, HAM, 
HFS
,
 
HGI
,
 
HW
S
, PY, RU, UP, QQ 
the SystemΓÇÖs Average 
Monthly Royalty Fees multiplied by sixty (60).
]
 
[SELECT FOR 
AQ, 
GU
, ID
, UD
 
$11,200 multiplied by the 
number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel.
]
 
[SELECT FOR 
PO, UAB
 
$1
3
,
0
00
 
multiplied by the number 
of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel
.
]
 
[SELECT FOR
 
PE, 
EY
 
$10,000 multiplied by the number of 
approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel
.
]
 
 
13.4.1.3
 
If 
termination occurs after the Opening Date but before the second 
anniversary of the Opening Date, you will pay us Liquidated Damages in an amount equal to
 
[SELECT 
FOR DT
,
 
ES
,
 
H2
,
 
HAM
, 
HFS
,
 
HGI
,
 
HW
S
, PY, RU, UP, QQ 
 
the greater of: (a) the HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly 
Royalty Fees multiplied by sixty (60); or (b) the SystemΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty Fees multiplied by sixty 
(60).
]
  
[SELECT FOR 
PO, UAB 
the greater of: (a) the HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty Fees multiplied by 
sixty (60); or (b) 
$1
3
,
0
00 multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel.
]
 
[SELECT FOR 
PE, 
EY
 
the greater of: (a) the HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty Fees multiplied by sixty (60); or (b)
 
$10,000 
multiplied by the number of app
roved Gues
t Rooms at the Hotel
.
]
 
[SELECT FOR 
AQ, 
GU
, ID
, UD
 
the 
greater of: (a) the HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty Fees multiplied by sixty (60); or (b) $11,200 multiplied 
by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel.
]
 
 
 
13.4.1.4
 
If termination occurs after the second anniversary of the Opening Date 
but before the final 
sixty (60)
 
calendar 
months
 
of the Term, you will pay us Liquidated Damages in an 
amount 
equal to the HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty Fees multiplied by sixty (60).  
 
 
13.4.1.5
 
If there are 
fewer
 
than sixty (60) months remaining in the Term on the 
date of termination, you will pay us Liquidated Damages in an amount equal to the HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly 
Royalty Fees multiplied by 
the number of months remaining in the Te
rm
.
 
 

 
32
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
13.4.2
 
Payment of Liquidated Damages. 
Payment of Liqu
idated Damages is due thirty 
(30) days following termination of this Agreement
 
or on demand
.
 
 
[SELECT FOR OL
:
 
 
13.4  Termination Fee on Termination
 
 
13.4.1
 
Termination Fee.
  
You agree that if this Agreement is terminated by us under this 
Section 13, you will pay a termination 
f
ee 
(the ΓÇ£
Termination Fee
ΓÇ¥) 
equal to:
 
 
(a)
 
$
2
5,000 multiplied by the number of approved guest Rooms at the Hotel if termination occurs 
(i) before you begin the Hotel Work, and you or any Guarantor (or your or any GuarantorΓÇÖs 
Affiliates) directly or indirectly, enter into a franchise, license, managem
ent, lease and/or other 
similar agreement for or begin construction or commence construction operation of a hotel, 
motel, inn, or similar facility at the Hotel Site within one (1) year after termination, or (ii) after 
you begin the Hotel Work but before 
the Opening Date, unless your failure to complete the 
Hotel Work was the result of Force Majeure
;
 
  
 
 
(b)
 
The greater of: (i) the HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty Fees multiplied by sixty (60); or (ii) an 
amount equal to $
2
5,000 multiplied by the number of approved Guest Rooms at the Hotel, if 
termination occurs 
on or 
after the Opening Date but before the second anniversary of the 
Opening Date; or
 
 
(c)
 
The HotelΓÇÖs Average Monthly Royalty Fees (i)
 
multiplied by sixty (60) if termination occurs after 
the second anniversary of the Opening Date but before the final sixty (60) calendar months of 
the Term, or (ii) multiplied by the number of months remaining in the Term if there are fewer 
than sixty (60
) months remaining in the Term on the date of termination.
 
 
You acknowledge and agree that this Termination Fee is an agreed fee and does not represent a penalty 
or liquidated damages.  You further acknowledge and agree that this Termination Fee does not constitute 
or create, expressly or impliedly, any right or op
tion for you to terminate this Agreement before the 
Expiration Date.
 
 
13.4.2.  
Payment of Termination Fee
.  You must pay the Termination Fee within (30) 
days after termination of this Agreement or on demand.
]
 
 
13.5
 
Actual Damages Under Special Circumstances
.
 
[SELECT FOR ALL BRANDS 
EXCEPT OL
:
 
You acknowledge that the Liquidated Damages described in 
Subsection
 
13
.4
 
may be 
inadequate to compensate us for additional harm we may suffer, by reason of greater difficulty in re
-
entering 
the market, competitive damage to the System or the Network, damage to goodwill of the Marks, and other 
similar harm, 
as we reserve the right to seek actual damages in lieu of Liquidated Damages 
under the 
following circumstances:
 
[SELECT FOR OL
:
 
You agree that we may elect to seek actual damages in lieu 
of the Terminatio
n Fee under Section 13.4 above, in our sole and absolute discretion, under the following 
circumstances:
 
 
13.5.1
 
within twelve (12) months of each other, 
[S
ELECT FOR
 
AQ,
 
DT
,
 
ES
,
 
GU, 
HFS
,
 
OL
, 
PY
,
 
QQ
:
 
two (2)
]
 
[S
ELECT FOR 
EY, 
HGI
,
 
H2
,
 
HWS
,
 
ID, 
PO, 
UD, 
UP
:
 
five (5)
]
 
[SELECT
 
FOR HAM
,
 
HIS
,
 
PE, 
RU
, UAB
:
 
seven (7)
]
 
or more franchise agreements for the Brand between yourself (or any of 
your Affiliates) and us (or any of our Affiliates) terminate before their expiration date 
as a result of 
a 
breach
 
by you or your Affiliate
; or 
 
 
13.5.2
 
this Agreement terminates 
due to 
an unapproved Transfer: 
(a
)
 
to a 
Competitor
,
 
or 
(b
)
 
to a 
buyer that converts the Hotel to a Competi
ng Brand
 
within two (2) years from the 
date this 
Agreement terminates
. 
 
 

 
33
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
13.6
 
Your Obligations 
on
 
Termination or Expiration
.
 
On termination or expiration of this 
Agreement
,
 
you will
 
immediately
: 
 
 
13.6.1
 
pay all sums due and owing to us or any of 
our Affiliates
, including any expenses 
incurred by us in obtaining injunctive relief for the enforcement of this Agreement;  
 
 
13.6.2
 
cease operating the Hotel as a System Hotel and cease using the System;  
 
 
13.6.3
 
cease using the Marks, the Trade Name, and any confusingly similar names, 
marks, trade dress systems, insignia, symbols, or other rights, procedures, and methods.  You will deliver 
all goods and materials containing the Marks to us and we will have the sol
e and exclusive use of any items 
containing the Marks.  You will immediately make any specified changes to the location as we may 
reasonably require for this purpose, which will include removal of the signs, custom decorations, and 
promotional materials;  
 
 
13.6.4
 
cease representing yourself as then or formerly a System Hotel or affiliated with 
the Brand or the Network;  
 
 
13.6.5
 
return all copies of the Manual and any other Proprietary Information to us;  
 
 
13.6.6
 
cancel all assumed name or equivalent registrations relating to your use of any 
Mark, notify the telephone company and all listing agencies and directory publishers including Internet 
domain name granting authorities, Internet service providers, global dis
tribution systems, and web search 
engines of the termination or expiration of your right to use the Marks, the Trade Name, and any telephone 
number, any classified or other telephone directory listings, Internet domain names, uniform resource 
locators, web
site names, electronic mail addresses and search engine metatags and keywords associated 
with the Hotel, and authorize their transfer to us; and  
 
 
13.6.7
 
irrevocably assign and transfer to us (or to our designee) all of your right, title and 
interest in any domain name listings and registrations that contain any reference to our Marks, System, 
Network or Brand; notify the applicable domain name registrars o
f the termination of your right to use any 
domain name or Sites associated with the Marks or the Brand; and authorize and instruct the cancellation 
of the domain name, or transfer of the domain name to us (or our designee), as we specify. You will also 
del
ete all references to our Marks, System, Network or Brand from any Sites you own, maintain or operate 
beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement.  
 
 
14.0
 
INDEMNITY
 
 
14.1
 
Beginning on the Effective Date, y
ou must
 
indemnify the Indemnified Parties against, and 
hold them harmless from, all losses, costs, liabilities, damages, claims, and expenses, including reasonable 
attorneysΓÇÖ fees, expert fees, costs and other expenses of litigation arising out of or resulting fro
m: 
 
 
14.1.1
 
any breach by you of this Agreement
, the Manual
 
or the Standards;
 
 
14.1.2
 
any act or omission of you or your officers, employees, 
Affiliates
, associates or 
agents in any way arising out of or relating to this Agreement;
 
 
14.1.3
 
any claimed occurrence at the Hotel including personal injury, death or property 
damage; 
 
 
14.1.4
 
your alleged or actual infringement or violation of any 
copyright, industrial design, 
patent, 
service mark, trademark
 
or other proprietary right owned or controlled by third parties; 
 
 
14.1.5
 
your alleged or actual violation or breach of any contract (including any group sales 
agreement for the System), any Law, or any industry standard; 
 
 

 
34
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
14.1.6
 
any business conducted by you or a third party in, on or about the Hotel or 
Hotel 
Site
;
 
 
14.1.7
 
your failure to comply with 
Subsection
 
16
.13
, including a breach of the 
representations set forth therein
; 
 
 
14.1.8
 
any inquiry, investigation, suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or in connection 
with any fees or costs charged to patrons or guests by you, and if 
you acquired the Hotel in a Change of 
Ownership Transfer, by the previous owner (your transferor) 
before you acquired ownership of the Hotel
; 
and
 
14.1.9
 
the Existing Agreement
, and 
any breach of any representation, warranty, or 
obligation under Section 
16.12
.
 
 
 
14.2
 
You do not have to indemnify an Indemnified Party to the extent damages otherwise 
covered under this 
Section
 
14
 
are adjudged by a final, non
-
appealable judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction to have been solely the result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of that Indemnified 
Party, and not any of the acts, errors, omissions, negligence or miscondu
ct of you or anyone related to you 
or the Hotel.  You may not rely on this exception to your indemnity obligation if the claims were asserted 
ag
ainst us or any other Indemnified Party on the basis of theories of imputed or secondary liability, such as 
vicarious liability, agency, or apparent agency
,
 
or our failure to compel you to comply with the provisions of 
this Agreement, including compliance with Standards, Laws or other requirements.  
 
 
14.3
 
You will give us written notice of any action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, inquiry or 
investigation involving an Indemnified Party within five (5) days of your knowledge of it.  At our election, you 
will defend us and/or the Indemnified Parties agains
t the same
. If you fail to defend us and/or the 
Indemnified Parties,
 
we may elect to assume, 
but under no circumstance wil
l we be obligated to undertake, 
the defense and/or settlement of the action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand, inquiry or investigation
 
at your 
expense and risk
. 
 
 
14.4
 
If we think our 
respective 
interests conflict, we may obtain separate counsel of our choice.  
This will not diminish your obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Parties and to hold them harmless.  You 
will reimburse the Indemnified Parties 
on
 
demand for all expenses, including reasonable attorneysΓÇÖ fees, 
expert fees, costs and other expenses of litigation, the Indemnified Parties incur to protect themselves or 
to remedy your defaults.  The Indemnified Parties will not be required to seek recov
ery from thir
d parties or 
otherwise mitigate their losses to maintain a claim against you, and their failure to do so will not reduce the 
amounts recoverable from you by the Indemnified Parties.  
 
 
14.5
 
Your obligations under this 
Section
 
14
 
will survive expiration or termination of this 
Agreement.
 
 
15.0
 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
 
 
1
5
.1 
    
 
No Agency 
Relationship
.
 
 
You are an independent contractor.
 
 
Neither Party is the legal 
representative or agent of the other Party.  Neither Party has the power to obligate the other Party for any 
purpose.
 
 
You acknowledge that: (a) we do not direct, supervise, manage, dictate, or
 
control (or have, 
retain, or exercise any right to control) labor or employment matters for you or your employees; (b) we do 
not set (or have, retain, or exercise any right to set) any terms or conditions of employment for your 
employees; (c) the train
ing we require is for the purpose of enabling you to ensure that your Hotel operates 
in compliance with our Standards; and (d)
 
you have exclusive control over your daily affairs. You expressly 
acknowledge that the Parties have a business relationship based
 
entirely on, and defined by, the express 
provisions of this Agreement and that no partnership, joint venture, agency, fiduciary, employment, or joint
-
employment relationship is intended or created by reason of this Agreement.
 
By entering into this Agreement, we make no representations regarding, and do not intend to 
obtain, retain, or reserve control over, the essential terms and conditions of employment of you or your 
employees, or your Management Company or their employees (i
f applicable). Franchisees are independent 
contractors and independent employers and we do not and will not have, retain, or exercise any authority 

 
35
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
over your employment
-
related policies or procedures. You are solely responsible for overseeing any and 
all employment
-
related policies and procedures for your employees in the operation of your Hotel business.
 
 
1
5
.2 
    
 
Notices Concerning Your Independent Status
.
 
 
 
All contracts for the HotelΓÇÖs operations 
and services at the Hotel will be in your name or in the name of your Management Company.
 
 
You will not 
enter into or sign any contracts in our name or any 
of our Affiliate
s
ΓÇÖ
 
name
s
 
or 
use
 
the Marks or any acronyms 
or variations of the Marks.
 
 
You will disclose in all dealings with the public and your employees, agents, 
contractors, suppliers and other third parties that: (a) you are the HotelΓÇÖs owner; (b) you are an independent 
entity; (c)
 
you are the employer, p
rincipal, or contracting party (as applicable); and (d) we are not 
responsible for your liabilities or debts in any manner
 
whatsoever
. 
 
 
16.0
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
 
16.1
 
Severability and Interpretation
.
 
 
16.1.1
 
 
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, void or voidable, 
that provision will be ineffective only to the extent of the prohibition, without in any way invalidating or 
affecting the remaining provisions of this Agreement, and all rem
aining provisions will continue in effect, 
unless the unenforceability of the provision frustrates the underlying purpose of this Agreement.  If any 
provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable due to its scope, but may be made enforceable by 
li
miting its scope, the provision will be considered amended to the minimum extent necessary to make it 
enforceable.  
 
 
16.1.2
 
This Agreement will be interpreted without interpreting any provision in favor of or 
against either 
Party 
by reason of the drafting of the provision, or either of our positions relative to the other. 
 
 
16.1.3
 
Any covenant, term or provision of this Agreement that provides for continuing 
obligations after the expiration or termination of this Agreement will survive any expiration or termination.  
 
 
16.2
 
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue
.
 
 
16.2.1
 
The Parties agree that
,
 
except to the extent governed by the United States 
Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. ┬╢ 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement will be 
governed by the laws of the State of New York without recourse to New York choice of law or conflicts of 
la
w principles.  Nothing in this 
Section
 
is intended to invoke the application of any franchise, business 
opportunity, antitrust, ΓÇ£implied covenant,ΓÇ¥ unfair competition, fiduciary or any other doctrine of law of the 
State of New York or any other state that would not otherwise apply absent this 
Subsection
 
16
.2.1
.  
 
 
16.2.2
 
The Parties agree that any action brought pursuant to this Agreement or the 
relationship between them
 
must be brought in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, in 
Alexandria, Virginia
,
 
or if that court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, then in a court of competent jurisdiction 
whose jurisdiction includes either Fairfax County, Virginia or New York, New York, or in the county and 
state where the Hotel is located.  You consent to persona
l jurisdiction and venue in each of these 
jurisdictions and waive, and agree not to assert, move or otherwise claim that the venue in any of these 
juri
sdictions is for any reason improper, inconvenient, prejudicial or otherwise inappropriate.  
 
 
16.3
 
Exclusive Benefit
. 
 
This Agreement is exclusively for our and your benefit, and none of 
the obligations of you or us in this Agreement will run to, or be enforceable by, any other party (except for 
any rights we assign or delegate to one of 
our Affiliates
 
or covenants in favor of 
our Affiliates
, which rights 
and covenants will run to and be enforceable by 
our Affiliates
 
or their successors and assigns) or give rise 
to liability to a third party, except as otherwise specifically set forth in this Agreement.
 
 
 
16.4
 
Entire Agreement
.
  
This Agreement and all of its attachments, documents, schedules, 
exhibits, and any other information specifically incorporated into this Agreement by reference will be 
construed together as the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Hotel 
and any other 
aspect of our relationship and will supersede and cancel any prior and/or contemporaneous discussions or 

 
36
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
writings between you and us. You acknowledge that you have entered into this Agreement as a result of 
your own independent investigation and not as a result of any representations about us made by our 
shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, r
epresentatives, developers, independent contractors, 
or franchisees that are contrary to the terms set forth in this Agreement, or in any disclosure document, 
prospectus, or other similar document required or permitted to be given to you pursuant to applic
able law.  
However, nothing in this Section 16.4, this Agreement, or in any of Your Hotel Agreements is intended to 
disclaim the representations we made in any franchise disclosure document that we furnished to you.
 
 
 
16.5
 
Amendment and Waiver
.
 
 
16.5.1
 
No change, termination, or attempted waiver or cancellation of any provision of this 
Agreement will bind us unless it 
is 
in writing, specifically designated as an amendment or waiver, and signed 
by one of our officers.  We may condition our agreement to any amendment or waiver on receiving from 
you, in a form satisfactory to us, an estoppel and general release of claims that
 
you may have against us, 
our Affiliates
, and related parties.  
 
 
16.5.2
 
No failure by us or by any of 
our Affiliates
 
to exercise any power given us under 
this Agreement or to insist on strict compliance by you with any of your obligations, and no custom or 
practice at variance with the terms of this Agreement, will be considered a waiver of our or any
 
of
 
our 
AffiliatesΓÇÖ
 
right to demand exact compliance with the terms of this Agreement.  
 
 
16.6
 
Consent; Business Judgment
.
 
 
16.6.1
 
Wherever our consent or approval is required in this Agreement, unless the 
provision specifically indicates otherwise, we have the right to withhold our approval at our option, in our 
business judgment, taking into consideration our assessment of the long
-
term interests of the System 
overall.  We may withhold any and all consents or approvals required by this Agreement if you are in default 
or breach of this Agreement. Our approvals and consents will not be effective unless given in writing and 
signed by on
e of our duly authorized representatives.  
 
 
16.6.2
 
You agree not to 
make a 
claim for money damages based on any 
allegation
 
that 
we have unreasonably withheld or delayed any consent or approval to a proposed act by you under the 
terms of this Agreement.  You also may not claim damages by way of set
-
off, counterclaim or defense for 
our withholding of consent.  Your sole remedy 
for the claim will be an action or proceeding to enforce the 
provisions of this Agreement by specific performance or by declaratory judgment.  
 
 
16.7
 
Notices
. 
 
All n
otices under this Agreement must be in writing
.
 
 
16.7.1
 
Princ
ipal Legal Correspondent (ΓÇ£PLCΓÇ¥)
. 
You must designate a single Person
 
to 
be 
your duly authorized representative to 
issue and 
receive 
notices
 
as described in 
Subsection 16.7.2.
 
Your 
designee will be your PLC under this Agreement. You may have only one PLC. 
The notice address for your 
PLC may not be a P.O. Box, 
and 
the notice address 
for your PLC 
may 
not
 
be 
the same as 
the Hotel address. 
T
he notice address for your PLC will be set forth initially on the Addendum to
 
this Agreement.
 
If you want 
to change 
the person designated as your PLC, or the address or email for 
notice to you
r PLC
,
 
you may do 
so at any time by sending a notice
 
to us
 
in accordance with Subsection
 
16.7.3
 
or as otherwise directed by 
us
. 
 
 
16.7.2
 
Notices of Default
 
and Termination
, or Threatened Litigation
.
 
Any notice
 
from 
you or from us 
declaring 
default
 
of a provision of this Agreement, or p
otential
 
or final
 
termination of this 
Agreement
, 
must be delivered in person, 
or 
by prepaid overnight 
courier
 
delivery servi
ce, or by prepaid 
overnight 
United States 
mail
, 
or by prepaid 
certified
 
United States 
mail
, 
return
-
receipt requested
,
 
if overnight 
delivery is not available to the notice address
. We will 
send notices 
under this Subsection only
 
to 
your
 
PLC
. 
You must send n
otices 
to us
 
under this Subsection
 
as follows: 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC, Attention: 
General Counsel, 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite
 
1100, McLean,
 
VA
 
22102.
 
Notice
 
s
en
t
 
under this 
Subsection
 
will be deemed effective on the 
earlier of:  
(a) 
receipt
,
 
o
r first refusal of delivery; 
(b)
 
one (1) day 

 
37
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
after posting
, if sent by 
overnight commercial delivery service or over
night United States Mail; or 
(c)
 
three 
(3) 
days after placement in 
United States 
certified 
mail
, return receipt 
reque
sted
.
 
 
16.7.3
 
Other Notices
: If
 
a Party 
wish
es
 
to send a notice 
to the other 
P
arty 
regarding any 
issue other than 
those issues specified in Subsection
 
16.7.2
, 
the Party
 
may send 
the notice by any method 
described in 
Subsection
 
16.7.2
,
 
or by email. 
You may send notices under this Subsection to us to: 
Legal.Development@hilton.com
 
or such other email address as we may periodically designate by notice to 
you
.
 
You may periodically designate additional 
P
ersons to receive other types of notices from us by the 
methods we periodically specify.
 
We may send notices to you under this Subsection to th
e email address 
design
ated
 
for your PLC, or to the email address for other persons you designate for these notices.
 
 
16.8
 
General Release
.  
With the exception of claims related to representations contained in the 
f
ranchise 
d
isclosure 
d
ocument for the Brand, you, on your own behalf and on behalf of, as applicable, your 
officers, directors, managers, employees, heirs, administrators, executors, agents and representatives and 
their respective successors and assigns hereby release, remise, 
acquit and forever discharge us and 
our 
Affiliates
 
and our and their respective officers, directors, employees, managers, agents, representatives 
and their re
spective successors and assigns from any and all actions, claims, causes of action, suits, rights, 
debts, liabilities, accounts, agreements, covenants, contracts, promises, warranties, judgments, 
executions, demands, damages, costs and expenses, whether kn
own or unknown at this time, of any kind 
or nature, absolute or contingent, existing at law or in equity, on account of any matter, cause or thing 
whatsoever that has happened, developed or occurred relating to this Agreement or the relationship 
between yo
u and us
 
on or
 
before the Effective Date of this Agreement
. This release will survive the 
termination of this Agreement.
 
 
 
16.9
 
Remedies Cumulative
. 
The remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative.  These 
remedies are not exclusive of any other remedies that you or we may be entitled 
to 
in case of any breach 
or threatened breach of the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 
16.10
 
Economic Conditions Not a Defense
.
 
Neither general economic downturn or conditions 
nor your own financial inability to perform the terms of this Agreement will be a defense to an action by us 
or one of 
our Affiliates
 
for your breach of this Agreement.
 
 
16.11
 
Representations and Warranties
.  
You warrant, represent and agree that all statements 
in your franchise application in anticipation of 
the execution of 
this Agreement, and all other documents and 
information submitted to us by you or on your behalf are true, correct and complete as of the date of this 
Agreement. You further represent and warrant to us that:
 
 
16.11.1
 
you have independently investigated the risks of operating 
the H
otel under the 
Brand, including current and potential market conditions and competitive factors and risks, and have made 
an independent evaluation of all such matters and reviewed our 
f
ranchise 
d
isclosure 
d
ocument, if 
applicable;  
 
 
16.11.2
 
neither we nor our representatives have made any promises, representations or 
agreements other than those provided in the Agreement or in our 
f
ranchise 
d
isclosure 
d
ocument provided 
to you in connection with the offer of this Agreement, if applicable, and you acknowledge that you are not 
relying on any promises, representations or agreements about us or the franchise not expressly contained 
in this Agreement in making
 
your decision to sign this Agreement;  
 
 
16.11.3
 
you have the full legal power authority and legal right
 
to enter into this 
Agreement;
 
 
16.11.4
 
this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation and your entry 
into, performance and observation of this Agreement will not constitute a breach or default of any agreement 
to which 
you are a party or of any Law;
 
 

 
38
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
16.11.5
 
if you are a corporation, limited liability company, or other entity, you are, and 
throughout the Term will be, duly formed and validly existing, in good standing in the state in which you are 
organized, and are and will be authorized to do business in the
 
state in which the Hotel is located
;
 
 
 
16.11.6
 
no Equity Interest has been issued, converted to, or is held as, bearer shares or 
any other form of ownership, for which there is no traceable record of the identity of the legal and beneficial 
owner of such Equity Interest
; and
 
 
16.11.7
 
y
ou hereby indemnify and hold us harmless from any breach of these 
representations and warranties
, which 
will survive the termination of this Agreement.
 
 
16.12
 
Existing Agreements
.
  
If the Hotel is subject to a franchise, license, affiliation, distribution, 
membership, lease, management, or similar agreement (ΓÇ£
Existing Agreement
ΓÇ¥) with another brand 
company that is not Affiliated with us (ΓÇ£
Existing Brand
ΓÇ¥), you represent, warrant, covenant, and agree, on 
an ongoing basis, that:
 
 
 
16.12.1
 
such Existing Agreement either (i) expires in accordance with its terms, (ii) 
expressly gives you a right to terminate (other than for default), or (iii) is subject to a mutual written 
agreement between you and the Existing Brand to terminate, in each case
 
before the initial Construction 
Work 
Completion Date or initial Renovation Work Completion Date set forth in the Addendum (as 
applicable), and in each case without such termination 
constituting
 
a breach or default of your Existing 
Agreement
 
(an expiration
 
or termination based on any of the foregoing being a ΓÇ£
Permitted Termination 
Event
ΓÇ¥)
;
 
 
 
16.12.2
 
you 
will comply with the terms of the Existing Agreement, and you 
will not terminate 
or attempt to terminate the Existing Agreement in any manner that would constitute a breach or default of 
such Existing Agreement
; 
 
 
16.12.3
 
there is no provision in the Existing Agreement that would prohibit or conflict with 
your ability to enter into this Agreement and comply with its terms
; and
 
 
16.12.4
 
you will not open the Hotel under the Brand until: (i) the Existing Agreement has 
terminated or expired
 
as a result of a Permitted Termination Event
; and (ii) we
 
have authorized the opening 
of the Hotel under the Brand pursuant to Section 6.4 above
.  
 
 
 
You acknowledge and agree that any actual
 
or
 
alleged
 
breach of
, or 
dispute 
relating to the subject matter 
of
,
 
this Section 16.12 entitles us to withhold our authorization of the opening of the Hotel under the Brand 
under Section 6.4 of this Agreement
.
 
 
16.13
 
Sanctioned 
Persons and Anti
-
bribery Representations and Warranties
.
 
 
16.13.1
 
You represent
,
 
warrant 
and covenant 
to us and 
our Affiliates
, on a continuing 
basis,
 
that
:
 
 
16.13.1.1
 
neither y
ou
,
 
nor any Person having Control over you or the
 
Hotel
,
 
is 
a 
Sanctioned Person; 
 
 
16.13.1.2
 
you have not and will not obtain, receive, transfer or provide any funds, 
property, debt, equity, 
or
 
other financing related to this Agreement and the Hotel or Hotel Site to/from a 
S
anctioned Person;
 
16.13.1.3
 
neither you
,
 
nor any
 
Person
 
having Control over you or the Hotel, 
has 
been convicted of, pleaded guilty to, or otherwise been adjudged liable for any violation of laws, ordinances, 
rules or regulations that pertain to bribery or corruption, money laundering, competition, securities or 
financial fraud, trade sanctions or 
export controls, human trafficking, sex trade
,
 
or forced labor;
 

 
39
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
 
16.13.1.4
 
any funds received or paid in connection with entry into or performance 
of this Agreement have not been and will not be derived from 
illegal sources or activities, 
or commingled 
with 
illegal funds, 
and that you are not engaging in this transaction in furtherance of a criminal act;
 
 
 
16.13.1.5
 
in preparation for and in entering into this Agreement, 
neither you, nor 
any Person having Control over you or the Hotel, has
 
made any Improper Payment or engaged in any acts 
or transactions otherwise in violation of any applicable Anti
-
Corruption Laws, and, in connection with this 
Agreement or the performance of your obligations under this Agreement, 
neither you nor any Person having 
C
ontrol over you or the Hotel will directly or indirectly make, offer to make, or authorize any Improper 
Payment or engage in any acts or transactions otherwise in violation of any
 
applicable Anti
-
Corruption 
Laws
; 
 
 
16.13.1.6
 
neither 
you
,
 
nor any Person having Control over you or the Hotel who
 
may be considered a Government Entity or Government Official
, 
improperly use
s
 
their status or position to 
influence official actions or decisions or to secure any improper advantages to or for the benefit of the Hotel 
or us
; 
and
  
 
 
16.13.1.7
 
you 
will 
assure that your respective appointed agents 
(including any 
Management Company) 
in relation to this Agreement comply in all material respects with the 
representations, warranties, and covenants described in this 
Subsection 
1
6
.13
.
 
 
16.13.2
 
You will notify us in writing immediately 
on
 
the occurrence of any event which 
would render the foregoing representations and warranties of this 
Subsection
 
1
6
.13
 
incorrect
.
 
 
 
16.13.3
 
If
 
we
 
believe
 
that 
you
 
may not be in compliance with any of the 
covenants, 
representations
 
and
 
warranties set forth in 
this Subsection 1
6
.13
, 
we will advise 
you 
of our belief, and you 
must (a
)
 
cooperate with any and all reasonable information and documentation requests
 
and inquiries
, 
including requests for execution of certificates of complia
nce
, and 
(b
) permit, on reasonable prior notice, at 
all reasonable times, 
inspection of the books and records pertaining to the development, ownership, 
management, and use o
f the Hotel.
 
 
16.14
 
Counterparts
.
 
This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which will be 
considered an original
, and the Parties agree to conduct the transaction by electronic means
. 
 
 
16.15
 
AttorneysΓÇÖ Fees and Costs
. 
 
If either 
P
arty is required to employ legal counsel or to incur 
other expenses to enforce any provision of this Agreement or defend any claim by the other, then the 
prevailing 
P
arty in any resulting dispute will be entitled to recover from the non
-
prevailing 
P
arty the amount 
of all reasonable fees of attorneys and experts, court costs, and all other expenses incurred in enforcing 
such obligation or in defending against such claim, demand, action, or proceeding.
 
 
16.16
 
Interest
. 
 
Any sum owed to us or 
our Affiliates
 
by you or paid by us
,
 
or 
our Affiliates
 
on 
your behalf
,
 
will bear interest from the date due until paid by you at the rate of eighteen percent (18%) per 
annum or, if lower, the maximum lawful rate.
 
 
16.17
 
Successors and Assigns
.
  
The terms and provisions of this Agreement will inure to the 
benefit of and be binding 
on
 
the permitted successors and assigns of the Parties.
 
 
16.18
 
Our Delegation of Rights and Responsibility
.
  
In addition to the rights granted to us in 
Section
 
4
 
and 
Subsection
 
12
.1
 
of this Agreement,
 
we reserve the right to delegate to one or more of 
our 
Affiliates
 
at any time, any and all of our rights, obligations or requirements under this Agreement, and to 
require
 
that you submit any relevant materials and documents otherwise requiring approval by us under 
this Agreement to such 
Affiliates
, in which case approval by such 
Affiliates
 
will be conclusively deemed to 
be approval by us. During the period of such delegation or designation, any act or direction by such 
Affiliates
 
with respect to this Agree
ment will be deemed the act or direction of us. 
 
We may revoke any such 
delegation or designation at any time. You acknowledge and agree that such delegation may result in one 

 
40
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
or more of 
our Affiliates
 
which operate, license, or otherwise support brands other than the Brand, 
exercising or performing on our behalf any or all rights, obligations or requirements under this Agreement 
or performing shared services on our behalf
.
 
 
16.19
 
Confidentiality of Negotiated Terms
. You agree that you will not disclose to any Person 
the content of any neg
otiated terms of this Agreement
 
or Your 
Hotel 
Agreements 
without our prior co
nsent 
except: 
(
1) as required by Law; 
(
2) as may be required in any legal proceedings; and 
(
3) to those of your 
officers, directors, managers, members, shareholders, employees, attorneys, accountants, agents or 
lenders to the extent necessary for the operation or financing of the Hotel, and only if you inform such 
Persons of the confidentiality o
f the negotiated provisions. Any disclo
sure of negotiated terms by you,
 
or
 
by
 
any such Persons
, 
without our consent will be deemed a default under this Agreement. 
 
For clarity, you are 
not restricted fro
m contacting or engaging with government authorities regarding this franchise.
  
 
 
17.0
 
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL AND PUNITIVE DAMAGES
 
 
17.1
 
IF EITHER PARTY INITIATES LITIGATION INVOLVING THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY 
ASPECT OF THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN 
THE PARTIES
 
(EVEN IF OTHER PARTIES OR OTHER 
CLAIMS ARE INCLUDED IN SUCH LITIGATION), ALL THE PARTIES WAIVE THEIR RIGHT TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY. 
 
 
17.2
 
IN ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN THE PARTIES, 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS 
AGREEMENT, ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE 
PARTIES
, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ALL PARTIES WAIVE ANY 
RIGHT THEY MAY HAVE TO PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES FROM THE OTHER. NOTHING 
IN THIS 
SECTION
 
LIMITS OUR RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF AN INDEMNIFIED PARTY TO BE 
INDEMNIFIED AGAINST THE PAYMENT OF PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES TO A THIRD 
PARTY. 
[SELECT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT OL: 
THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT 
LIQUIDATED DAMAGES PAYABLE BY YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER PRE
-
OPENING 
LIQUIDATED DAMAGES OR LIQUIDATED DAMAGES FOR EARLY TERMINATION) ARE NOT 
PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.
]  [SELECT FOR OL
:
 
THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT 
ANY LIQUIDATED DAMAGES OR TERMINATION FEE PAYABLE BY YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT 
(WHETHER PRE
-
OPENING LIQUIDATED DAMAGES OR A TERMINATION FEE FOR EARLY 
TERMINATION) ARE NOT PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.
] 
 
 
18.0
 
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF EXEMPTION
 
 
You represent and acknowledge that:  
 
 
18.1
 
The franchise sale 
i
s for more than 
One Million 
Four
 
Hundred 
Sixty
-
Nine
 
Thousand
 
Six 
Hundred 
Dollars (
$
1,
469
,
6
00
) 
-
 
excluding the cost of unimproved land and any financing received from 
Franchisor or an A
ffiliate
 
-
 
and thus is exempted from the Federal Trade CommissionΓÇÖs Franchise Rule 
disclosure requirements, pursuant to 16 C
.
F
.
R
.
 
436.8(a)(5)(i); and at least one person has invested
 
One 
Million 
Four
 
Hundred 
Sixty
-
Nine
 
Thousand 
Six Hundred 
Dollars ($1,
469
,
6
00) 
in the Hotel or the Hotel Site; 
or
 
 
18.2
 
You and/or your 
A
ffiliates have been in business for at least five (5) years and have a net 
worth of at least 
Seven
 
Million 
Three
 
Hundred 
Forty
-
Eight
 
Thousand Dollars
 
(
$
7,348,000
)
 
and this franchise 
sale is thus exempt from disclosure requirements within the meaning of 16 C
.
F
.
R
.
 
436.8(a)(5)(ii); and   
 
 
 
 
18.3
 
As a result, 
this 
franchise sale is exempt under federal and state
 
franchise
 
law.
  
 
 
19.0
 
[SELECT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT HFS: NOTICE OF INTENT TO MARKET [SELECT FOR 

 
41
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
HFS: RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER
 
 
[SELECT FOR ALL BRANDS EXCEPT HFS:
 
Except in the case of a Transfer governed by 
Subsection
 
12.2.1 of this Agreement, if you or a Controlling Affiliate want to Transfer any Equity Interest, 
you must give us written notice, concurrently with beginning your marketing efforts.
]
 
[SELECT FOR HFS
 
 
19.1
 
Except in the case of a Transfer governed by Subsection
 
1
2
.2.1 of this Agreement, if you 
or a Controlling Affiliate wants to Transfer any Equity Interest, or you or a Controlling Affiliate receive an 
unsolicited bona fide offer from a third party to purchase or lease the Hotel or Hotel
 
Site or an interest in 
it (
ΓÇ£
Marketed Interest
ΓÇ¥), you or the Controlling Affiliate shall notify u
s in writing of such offer (
ΓÇ£
ROFO 
Notice
ΓÇ¥). The ROFO Notice shall describe the Marketed Interest and state the intended sales or lease 
price and all terms and conditions
 
of the proposed s
ale or lease.
 
You or the Controlling Affiliate will provide 
us with all information and documentation relating to the Marketed Interest that we request.
 
 
19.2
 
We or our designee(s) shall have the right, exercisable within thirty (30) days after receipt 
of all requested documentation and information 
from you (
ΓÇ£
Option Period
ΓÇ¥), to either make an offer to 
purchase or lease the Marketed Interest (ΓÇ£
Our Offer
ΓÇ¥) or waive our right to make an offer. During the 
Option Period, you may not change any of the terms and conditions in the ROFO Notice, and must deal 
exclusively with us or our designee(s).  
 
 
19.3
 
You will have twenty (20) days after receiving Our Offer to accept or reject Our Offer in 
writing.  If Our Offer is for a price equal to or greater than stated in the notice and is on substantially similar 
terms and conditions as (or is more favorable than
) those stated in the ROFO Notice, then you must accept 
Our Offer.  If you do not accept Our Offer within twenty (20) days, it is deemed rejected.
 
 
19.4
 
If you accept Our Offer, we or our designee and you will enter into an agreement and 
complete the transaction for the purchase or lease of the Marketed Interest at the price and on the terms 
and conditions of Our Offer within sixty (60) days of your writte
n acceptance (the ΓÇ£
60
-
day Period
ΓÇ¥). You will 
not offer the Hotel or Hotel Site to any 
third 
party during the 60
-
day Period. If the parties are unable to reach 
agreement despite good faith negotiations in the 60
-
day Period, you will be deemed to have reject
ed Our 
Offer.  
 
 
19.5
 
If you do not accept Our Offer, or it is deemed rejected, or we waive our right to make an 
offer, for two hundred seventy (270) days (the ΓÇ£
270
-
day Period
ΓÇ¥), you or a Controlling Affiliate may Transfer 
the Marketed Interest to a third party for a price greater than and/or on more favorable terms than the price 
and terms stated in Our Offer, but you or a 
Controlling Affiliate must comply with the Transfer provisions in 
Section
 
12.2.
2
 
of this Agreement.  If you or a Controlling Affiliate proposes to Transfer t
he Marketed Interest 
at a lesser price or on less favorable terms during the 270
-
day Period, then you must again give us notice 
of the proposed sale or lease and comply with the provisions of this Section
 
19.
 
 
[
INCLUDE ONLY IF KEY MONEY GRANTED / DELETE OTHERWISE AND UPDATE TOC
]
 
20.0
 
KEY MONEY/DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVE NOTE
 
 
You and any co
-
makers must execute the Development Incentive Note attached to this Agreement as 
Exhibit [_ contemporaneously with your execution of this Agreement. We will pay to you [________ Dollars 
($__) as a development incentive within thirty (30) day
s after you open the Hotel 
under the Brand 
with our 
consent if: (a) there have been no material adverse changes in your business, finances, legal, litigation, or 
bankruptcy status since approval; (b) you have completed any PIP; and (c) you paid the 
f
ranchi
se 
a
pplication 
f
ee.
 
 
In connection with this Agreement or the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, you will not 
use any portion of the development incentive to make
, provide, offer to make, or authorize, directly or 
indirectly, an Improper Payment or engage in any acts or transactions otherwise violating any Anti
-

 
42
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
Corruption Laws.
 
 
If we have any basis for a reasonable belief that you have used the development incentive 
in violation of any Anti
-
Corruption Laws, we will advise you of this belief and you will cooperate with any 
and all reasonable information and docum
ent requests and inquiries, including requests for execution of 
certificates of compliance, and permit, on reasonable prior notice, at all reasonable times, inspection of the 
books and records pertaining to the development, ownership, management and use of
 
the Hotel. 
 
 
 

 
43
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
 
 
Effective
 
Date
:
 
[
 
Facility Number:
 
[
 
Franchisor
 
Name: 
 
HILTON 
FRANCHISE 
HOLDING 
LLC, 
 
a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
Brand:  
 
[SELECT:
 
Apartment Collection by Hilton
, 
as that name is used to 
identify the chain of apartment hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and Standards. The Brand does not mean 
Hilton Worldwide, its Affiliates, or any other brands, product 
lines, or chains of hotels that include the words ΓÇ£Apart
mentΓÇ¥ 
or ΓÇ£CollectionΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand name.
 
Canopy
, as that name is used to identify the chain of hotels 
operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The 
Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its Affiliates, or any 
other brands, product lines, or chains of hotels that include the 
words ΓÇ£CanopyΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand name.
 
Canopy by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify the chain 
of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£CanopyΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ a
s any part 
of their brand name.
 
Curio Collection by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify 
the chain of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£Curio,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£Collection,ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ 
a
s any part of their brand name.
 
DoubleTree by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify the 
chain of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£DoubleTreeΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ a
s any 
part of their brand name.
 
DoubleTree Suites by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify 
the chain of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£DoubleTree,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£Suites,ΓÇ¥ or 
ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ a
s any part of their brand name.
 
Embassy Suites
, as that name is used to identify the chain 
of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£Embassy,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£Suites,ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ 
a
s any part of their brand name.
 

 
44
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
Embassy Suites by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify 
the chain of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£Embassy,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£Suites,ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ 
as any part of their brand name.
 
Graduate by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify the chain 
of hotels operated under the same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£GraduateΓÇ¥ or 
"HiltonΓÇ¥ as any 
part of their brand name.
 
 
 
Hampton Inn by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify the 
chain of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£HamptonΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part 
of their brand name.
 
 
Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton
, as that name is used to 
identify the chain of hotels operated under the 
same Chain 
Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton 
Worldwide, its Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or 
chains of hotels that include the words ΓÇ£Hampton,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£Suites,ΓÇ¥ or 
ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand name.
 
 
Hilton
, as that name is used to identify the chain of hotels 
operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The 
Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its Affiliates, or any 
other 
brands, product lines, or 
chains of hotels that include the 
word ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ a
s any part of their brand name.
 
Hilton Garden Inn
, as that name is used to identify the chain 
of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other 
brands, product lines, or 
chains of 
hotels that include the word ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand 
name.
 
Home2 Suites by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify the 
chain of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other 
brands, product lines, or 
chains of 
hotels that include the words 
ΓÇ£Home,ΓÇ¥ 
ΓÇ£Suites,ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as 
any part of their brand name.
 
Homewood Suites by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify 
the chain of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other 
brands, product lines, or 
chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£Home,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£Suites,ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as 
any part of their brand name.
 
LivSmart Studios by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify 
the chain of hotels operated under the same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 

 
45
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£LivSmart
ΓÇ¥, ΓÇ£StudiosΓÇ¥ 
or "HiltonΓÇ¥ 
as any part of their brand name.  
 
LXR
, as that name is used to identify the chain of hotels 
operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The 
Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its Affiliates, or any 
other brands, product lines, or chains of hotels that include the 
initials or words ΓÇ£LXRΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand 
name.
 
Motto by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify the chain of 
hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. 
The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its Affiliates, or 
any other brands, product lines, or chains of hotels that 
include the words ΓÇ£MottoΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand 
name.
 
Outset Collection by Hilton 
as that name is used to identify 
the chain of hotels operated under the same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£Outset,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£Colle
ction,ΓÇ¥ or "HiltonΓÇ¥ 
as any part of their brand name.  
 
 
Spark by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify the chain of 
hotels operated under the same Chain Code and Standards. 
The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its Affiliates, or 
any other brands, product lines, or chains of hotels that 
include the words ΓÇ£SparkΓÇ¥ or "Hi
ltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand 
name.
 
Tapestry Collection by Hilton
, as that name is used to 
identify the chain of hotels operated under the 
same Chain 
Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton 
Worldwide, its Affiliates, or any other 
brands, product lines, or 
chains of hotels that include the words ΓÇ£Tapestry,ΓÇ¥ 
ΓÇ£Collection,ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand name.
 
Tempo by Hilton, 
as that name is used to identify the chain 
of hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other chains of hotels that include the word 
ΓÇ£TempoΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand name.
 
Tru by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify the chain of 
hotels operated under the 
same Chain Code and 
Standards. 
The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its Affiliates, or 
any other 
brands, product lines, or 
chains of hotels that 
include the words ΓÇ£TruΓÇ¥ or "HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand 
name.
 
Undergraduate by Hilton
, as that name is used to identify 
the chain of hotels operated under the same Chain Code and 
Standards. The Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its 
Affiliates, or any other brands, product lines, or chains of 
hotels that include the words ΓÇ£Undergraduate
ΓÇ¥ or "HiltonΓÇ¥ as 
any part of their brand name.
 
 
 
 
 

 
46
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
Initial Approved Hotel Name (Trade 
Name):
 
 
 
Principal Mark in Brand:  
 
[
SELECT:
 
 
Canopy
 
C
urio
 
DoubleTree
 
Embassy
 
Graduate 
 
Hampton
 
SELECT FOR 
AQ, 
HFS HGI: Hilton 
 
Home2
 
Homewood
 
LivSmart
 
LXR
 
Motto
 
Outset
 
Spark 
 
Tapestry
 
Tempo
 
Tru
 
Undergraduate
 
Franchisee Name and Address 
 
(Attn: Principal Legal Correspondent):
 
 
[
 
Address of Hotel:
 
[
 
Initial Number of Approved Guest 
Rooms:
 
[
 
Plans Submission Dates: 
 
 
Preliminary Plans:
 
[Due four (4) months from the Effective Date]
 
Design Development (50%) 
Plans and Specifications:
 
[Due eight (8) months from the Effective Date]
 
Final (100%) Plans and 
Specifications:
 
[Due twelve (12) months from the Effective Date]
 
Construction Commencement Date:
 
[
EY 
HAM
 
HGI
 
H2
 
HW
S 
PO 
RU
 
UAB
 
UD
: Due fifteen (15) 
months from the Effective Date
 
 
[
AQ 
DT
 
ES
 
GU 
HFS
 
ID 
OL
 
PY
 
QQ 
UP
: Due Sixteen (16) 
months from the Effective Date
 
 
[If Adaptive Reuse, include:
 

 
47
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
For the Hotel to be considered under construction, you 
must have: (a)
 
submitted final plans to us, (b)
 
received 
our approval of your final plans, 
(c)
 
submitted to us a 
building permit for Hotel construction, and 
(d)
 
substantially completed, to our satisfaction: 
(i)
 
exterior demolition, if applicable, and (ii)
 
interior 
demolition and construction of new permanent interior 
walls.
 
 
Construction Work Completion Date:
 
[
EY 
HAM
 
H2
 
RU
 
UAB
: Due twenty
-
seven (27) months from 
the Effective Date
 
[HGI
 
HW
S
 
PO
: Due thirty (30) months from the Effective 
Date
 
[
AQ 
DT
 
ES
 
GU
 
HFS
 
ID 
OL
 
PY
 
QQ
 
UD 
UP
: Due thirty
-
six 
(36) months from the Effective Date
 
 
Renovation Commencement Date:
 
[
 
Renovation Work Completion Date:
 
[
 
 
[IF THERE ARE ΓÇ£PRE CONVERSIONΓÇ¥ PIP DEADLINES: 
[_________] with respect to all items in the PIP with a ΓÇ£Pre 
ConversionΓÇ¥ due date; as set forth in the PIP with respect 
to all other items. ]
 
 
[SELECT FOR COO/RL:][All due dates in the PIP that are 
a specified number of months or days shall mean the 
number of months or days from the Effective Date.]
 
 
[SELECT FOR CV:][All due dates in the PIP that are a 
specified number of months or days shall mean the 
number of months or days from the Opening Date.]
 
 
Expiration Date:
 
[
SELECT:
 
New Construction 
ΓÇô
 
At midnight on the last day of the 
month [
EY 
HAM
 
HGI
 
H2
 
HW
S
 
PO
 
RU
 
UAB UD
: twenty
-
two 
(22) years from the [
SELECT: 
Effective Date
] [
Opening 
Date]
 
[
AQ 
DT
 
ES
 
GU 
HFS
 
ID 
OL
 
PY
 
QQ 
UP
: twenty
-
three 
(23) years from the [
SELECT: 
Effective Date] [Opening 
Date] 
 
 
Conversion 
ΓÇô
 
At midnight on the last day of the month 
SELECT: ten (10) to twenty (20) years from the Opening 
Date
 
 
Change of Ownership 
ΓÇô
 
Remaining Term under the 
existing franchise agreement
 
 
Monthly Fees:
 
 
 
[
D
ELETE UNLESS HFS
:
 
Monthly 
Food and Beverage Fee:
 
 
 
Three percent (3%) of the HotelΓÇÖs Gross Food and 
Beverage Revenue for the preceding calendar month
.
 
 

 
48
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
Monthly Program Fee:
 
[SELECT UAB: Three percent (3%) of the HotelΓÇÖs Gross 
Rooms Revenue (ΓÇ£GRRΓÇ¥) for the preceding calendar 
month.
 
 
[SELECT FOR 
DT
 
ES
 
GU 
HAM 
HFS
 
HGI
 
ID 
OL
 
PO 
PY QQ 
R
U
 
UD 
UP
: 
Four percent (4%) of the HotelΓÇÖs Gross Rooms 
Revenue 
(ΓÇ£GRRΓÇ¥) 
for the preceding calendar month. 
 
 
[SELECT FOR 
EY, 
HWS
: Two and one
-
half percent (2.5%) 
of the HotelΓÇÖs Gross Rooms Revenue (ΓÇ£GRRΓÇ¥) for the 
preceding calendar month.
 
 
 
[SELECT FOR 
H2
, PE
: Three and one
-
half percent (3.5%) 
of the HotelΓÇÖs Gross Rooms
 
Revenue 
(ΓÇ£GRRΓÇ¥) 
for the 
preceding calendar month.
 
 
[SELECT FOR AQ: Two and one
-
half percent (2.5%) of the 
HotelΓÇÖs Gross Rooms Revenue (ΓÇ£GRRΓÇ¥) for the preceding 
calendar month.
 
 
[SELECT ONLY IF EARLY RL AND PREVIOUS MONTHLY 
PROGRAM FEE WAS LOWER
: 
From the Effective Date 
through [Expiration Date of prior FA, you will pay [____ 
percent (_%) (ΓÇ£Discounted FeeΓÇ¥) of the HotelΓÇÖs Gross 
Rooms Revenue (ΓÇ£GRRΓÇ¥) for the preceding calendar 
month; then, from [Expiration Date of prior FA to the end 
of the Term, yo
u will pay [____ percent (_%) of GRR. The 
Discounted Fee will not be used as a base for purposes 
of calculating any changes to the Monthly Program Fee 
during the Term.
 
 
ALWAYS INCLUDE: 
The Monthly Program Fee is subject to 
change by us. Any change may be established in the 
Standards, but the rate will not exceed the standard Monthly 
Program Fee as of the Effective Date plus one percent (1%) 
of the HotelΓÇÖs GRR during the Term
.
 
 
ALWAYS INCLUDE:  
In addition to the above, 
the
 
standard  
Monthly
 
Program Fee is subject to change by us. Any change 
may be established in the Standards, but the rate will not 
exceed the standard Monthly Program Fee as of the Effective 
Date plus one percent (1%) of the HotelΓÇÖs GRR during the 
Term.
 
 
Monthly Royalty Fee:
 
[SELECT FOR 
AQ 
DT 
GU 
HFS 
ID 
OL
 
PO
 
PY QQ 
UAB 
UD 
UP:
 
Five percent (5%) of the HotelΓÇÖs GRR for the preceding 
calendar month
.
 
 
 
Monthly Royalty Fee:
 
[SELECT FOR ES HGI HWS
 
RU 
PE
:
 
Five and one
-
half percent (5.5%) of the HotelΓÇÖs GRR 
for 
the preceding calendar month
.
 
 

 
49
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
 
BUT IF ES HWS NEW DEVELOPMENT/CONVERSION, 
USE THE FOLLOWING:
 
Monthly Royalty Fee:
 
Three and one
-
half percent (3.5%) of the HotelΓÇÖs GRR for 
the preceding calendar month 
for first twelve (12) full 
calendar months after the Opening Date (Year 1).
 
 
Four and one
-
half percent (4.5%) of the HotelΓÇÖs GRR for 
the preceding calendar month
 
for second twelve (12) full 
calendar months after the Opening Date (Year 2).
 
 
Five and one
-
half percent (5.5%) of the HotelΓÇÖs GRR for 
the preceding calendar month
 
for the remainder of the 
Term.
 
Monthly Royalty Fee:
 
[SELECT FOR 
EY 
HAM
 
H2
:
 
Six percent (6%) of the HotelΓÇÖs GRR 
for the preceding 
calendar month.
 
 
 
 
Additional Requirements/Special Provisions [
Section
 
#]:
 
 
[
ADD ONLY IF APPLICABLE
]
 
Restricted Area Provision 
 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2 of this Agreement, from the Effective Date until midnight on the 
day before the ____ anniversary of the 
[
SELECT
:
 
Effective Date
]
 
OR
 
[
Opening Date, but i
n no event 
later than 
_________
__
] 
(ΓÇ£
Restrictive Period
ΓÇ¥), neither we nor any of our Affiliates will open, or allow to 
open, a hotel or motel under the Brand, as such Brand name may be periodi
cally changed by us, 
within
 
a 
[
SELECT
 
___ mile radius of the Hotel,
 
the center point of which is the front door of the Hotel 
(ΓÇ£
Restricted 
AreaΓÇ¥
)
. 
[SELECT
 
Restricted Area described as follows, and as set forth on Exhibit
 
[__
: 
[INSERT 
DESCRIPTION
.
]
 
 
This restriction does not apply to any hotel or motel that is currently open or under construction or has been 
approved for development or opening as a Brand hotel as of the Effective Date (ΓÇ£
Existing Hotel
ΓÇ¥). The 
term Existing Hotel also includes any hotel located or to be located within the Restricted Area that replaces 
such Existing Hotel under the Brand. The restrictions also do not apply to any: (1) hotel(s) or motel(s) under 
brands other than the Brand
; (2)
 
hotel(s) or motel(s) that will not begin oper
ating under the Brand until after 
the expiration of the Restrictive Period; (3) 
gaming
-
oriented hotels or facilities using the Brand; (4)
 
shared 
ownership properties (commonly known as ΓÇ£vacation ownershipΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£time share ownershipΓÇ¥ or similar real 
estate properties) under the Brand; and (5) hotel(s), motel(s), or inn(s) that are part 
of a chain or group of 
four (4) or more hotels, motels, or inns that we or our Affiliates, as a result of a single transaction or group 
of related transactions, own, operate, a
cquire, lease, manage, franchise, license, or join through a merger, 
acquisition or marketing agreement (or otherwise), whether under their existing name or the Brand name 
or any other name.
 
[INSERT FOR HFS
:
 
You acknowledge and agree that this restriction does not apply to 
any ΓÇ£Signia HiltonΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£Signia by HiltonΓÇ¥ brand hotel
.
 
 
 
 
[
IF HAM
/HIS
 
USE THIS 
RAB 
LANGUAGE INSTEAD
 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2 of this Agreement, from the Effective Date until mid
night on the 
day before the __
__ anniversary of the 
[
SELECT
:
 
Effective Date
] 
OR 
[
Opening Date, but in no event 
later than 
____________
]
 
(
ΓÇ£
Restrictive Period
ΓÇ¥), neither we nor any of 
our Affiliates 
will open, or allow to 
open, 
a hotel or motel 
under the 
Hampton, 
Hampton Inn or Hampton Inn
 
& 
Suites brand
s
 
(collectively,
 
ΓÇ£Restricted BrandsΓÇ¥)
, as such Restricted
 
BrandsΓÇÖ
 
names
 
may be periodically changed by us, within 
a 
[S
ELECT
 
___ mile radius of the Hotel,
 
the center point of which is the front door of the Hotel 
(ΓÇ£
Restricted 
AreaΓÇ¥
)
. 
[SELECT
 
Restricted Area described as follows, and as set forth on Exhibit
 
[__
: 
[INSERT 
DESCRIPTION.
]
 
 

 
50
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
This restriction does not apply to any hotel or motel that is currently open or under construction or has been 
approved for development or opening as a 
Restricted
 
Brand
s
 
hotel as of the Effective Date (ΓÇ£
Existing 
Hotel
ΓÇ¥). The term Existing Hotel also includes any hotel located or to be 
located within the Restricted Area 
that replaces such Existing Hotel under the Restricted Brand
s
. 
The restrictions also do not apply to any: (1) 
hotel(s) or motel(s) under brands other than the 
Restricted 
Brand
s
; (2)
 
hotel(s) or motel(s) that will not begin 
operating under the 
Restricted 
Brand
s
 
until after the expiration of the Restrictive Period; (3) 
gaming
-
oriented 
hotels or facilities using the 
Restricted 
Brand
s
; (4)
 
shared ownership properties (commonly known as 
ΓÇ£vacation ownershipΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£time share ownershipΓÇ¥ or similar real estate properties) under the 
Restricted 
Brand
s
; and (5) hotel(s), motel(s), or inn(s) that are part of a chain or group of four (4) or more hotels, 
motels, or inns that we or our Affiliates
, as a result of a single transaction or group of related transactions, 
own, operate, acquire, lease, manage, franchise, license, or join through a merger, acquisition or marketing 
agreement (or otherwise), whether under their existing name or the 
Restricted 
Brand
s
 
name or any other 
name.
 
 
[IF AQ USE THIS RAB LANGUAGE INSTEAD
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2 of this Agreement, from the Effective Date until midnight on the 
day before the ____ anniversary of the 
[SELECT: Effective Date] OR [Opening Date, but in no event 
later than 
___________
] 
(ΓÇ£
Restrictive Period
ΓÇ¥), neither we nor any of our Affiliates will open, or allow to 
open, an apartment hotel under the Brand, as such Brand name may be periodically changed by us, within 
a [
SELECT 
___ mile radius of the Hotel, the center point of which is the front door of the Hot
el 
(ΓÇ£Restricted 
AreaΓÇ¥)
. 
[SELECT 
Restricted Area described as follows, and as set forth on Exhibit [__: 
[INSERT 
DESCRIPTION.]
 
 
This restriction does not apply to any property that is currently open or under construction or has been 
approved for development or opening as a Brand property as of the Effective Date (ΓÇ£
Existing Property
ΓÇ¥). 
The term Existing Property also includes any property located or to be located within the Restricted Area 
that replaces such Existing Property under the Brand. The restrictions also do not apply to any: (1) 
properties under brands other than the Brand;
 
(2) properties that will not begin operating under
 
the Brand 
until after the expiration of the Restrictive Period; (3) gaming
-
oriented properties or facilities using the 
Brand; (4) shared ownership properties (commonly known as ΓÇ£vacation ownershipΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£time share 
ownershipΓÇ¥ or similar real estate properti
es) under the Brand; and (5) properties that are part of a chain or 
group of four (4) or more properties that we or our Affiliates, as a result of a single transaction or group of 
related transactions, own, operate, acquire, lease, manage, franchise, licen
se, or join through a merger, 
acquisition or marketing agreement (or otherwise), whether under their existing name or the Brand name 
or any other name.
 
 
[
IF RL
:
 
Amendment and Restatement
. 
This Agreem
ent 
replaces the
 
franchise agreement dated 
[
INSERT 
DATE
]
 
(ΓÇ£
Original
 
Agreement
ΓÇ¥) by and between us (or our Affiliate) and you (or your Affiliate
) with respect 
to the Hotel. T
he Original 
Agreement will be superseded and have no further force or effect as of the 
Effective Date of this Agreement
,
 
except those provisions e
xpressly intended to survive
 
termination or 
expiration
 
of the Original Agreement. To the extent 
there are outstanding obligations to us or 
our Affiliates
 
under the Original 
Agreement, you acknowledge and agree 
that you are directly responsible, jointly and 
severally, for all such obligat
ions under the Original 
Agreement existing at or accruing after the execution 
of this Agreement.
 
 
[
IF COO
:
 
Obligations of Former 
Franchisee
.
 
Y
ou acknowledge and agree that you are directly 
responsible for, and will pay on demand, all fees and charges due and owing us and 
our Affiliates
 
related 
to the 
former
 
franchise agreement for the Hotel if any such fees and charges remain outstanding as of or 
accrue after the Effective Date of this Agreement.
 
 
[IF SITE CONTROL NOT CONFIRMED ON EFFECTIVE DATE
:
 
Site Control: 
Before commencement of 
Construction Work, but not later than 
the Construction 
Work 
Completion D
ate
,
 
you must submit to us 
evidence satisfactory to 
us showing your
 
title to,
 
or 
long
-
term
 
possessory interest in,
 
the real property on 
which the Hotel will be sited (i.e. a conformed copy of the deed
,
 
or ground lease submitted for recording
,
 
or 
like document) in accordance with Subsection
s 5.1.15 and 5.1.16
 
of the Agreement.
 
 

 
51
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
[IF T
IC
:
 
Tenant
-
in
-
Common Ownership:
 
You acknowledge and agree that: (1)
 
each of you is jointly, 
severally, individually and collectively responsible for 
the
 
FranchiseeΓÇÖs obligations under this Agreement; 
(2)
 
your obligations and liability to us is not limited by your tenant
-
in
-
common structure;
 
(3) the transfer 
provisions of this Agreement apply to each of you; 
(4)
 
[___________]
 
is deemed to be your Controlling 
Affiliate; and (5) the Hotel has a single designated Principal Legal Correspondent, as named above, whom 
we will notify for all purposes under this Agreement.
 
 
Your Ownership Structure:  
 
See Attached Schedule 1
 
 
[
IF 
FRANCHISEE
ΓÇÖS AFFILIATE IS THE FEE TITLE OWNER, LESSOR OR SUBLESSOR OF THE HOTEL 
OR THE HOTEL SITE
:
 
Ownership Structure of Affiliate Fee Owner or Lessor/Subless
or of the Hotel or Hotel Site:
 
See Attached Schedule 2
 
 
[
IF KEY MONEY
 
EXHIBIT _ 
ΓÇô
 
DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVE NOTE
 
 
[
IF JURISDICTION APPLIES
 
EXHIBIT _
 
ΓÇô
 
STATE
/TERRITORY 
ADDEND
UM
 
 
[
IF APPLICABLE
 
EXHIBIT _
 
ΓÇô
 
SHARED FACILITIES ADDENDUM
 
 
 
[
ONLY IF NOT A RADIUS
 
EXHIBIT _
 
ΓÇô
 
RESTRICTED AREA MAP
 
 
[
IF APPLICABLE
 
EXHIBIT _
 
ΓÇô
 
PROPERTY
 
IMPROVEMENT PLAN
 
 
 
 

 
52
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
,
 
the 
P
arties have executed this Agreement, which has been entered into and is 
effective as of the Effective Date set forth above.
 
 
FRANCHISEE
:
 
FRANCHISOR
:
 
[INSERT 
FRANCHISEE
 
ENTITY], 
 
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]
 
HILTON 
FRANCHISE 
HOLDING 
LLC, 
 
a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
Executed on:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Executed on:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
53
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
SCHEDULE 1
 
 
Your Ownership Structure:  
 
 
 
Name
 
(Shareholder, Partner, Member and Manager)
 
Nature of 
Ownership 
Interest
 
% 
Interest
 
% 
Interest
 
% 
Interest
 
% 
Interest
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
54
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
 
SCHEDULE 2
 
 
Ownership Structure of Affiliate Fee Owner or Lessor/Sublessor of the Hotel or Hotel Site:  
 
 
 
Name
 
(Shareholder, Partner, Member and Manager)
 
Nature of 
Ownership 
Interest
 
% 
Interest
 
% 
Interest
 
% 
Interest
 
% 
Interest
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
55
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
EXHIBIT 
-
 
__
 
 
SHARED FACILITIES 
ADDENDUM TO 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
 
 
 
You and we 
are 
parties to a franchise 
agreement dated ______________ (ΓÇ£
Agreement
ΓÇ¥), which provides, 
among other things, for the operation of the (proposed) 
[
insert Hotel #1 name ______
]
 
hotel located or to 
be located at 
[
Insert Hotel #1 address ____ (ΓÇ£
Hotel
ΓÇ¥).
 
 
You (or your Affiliate) and we are also parties to a franchise agreement dated ____________
]
 
(ΓÇ£
[
Insert 
Brand #2 
_____
]
 
Agreement
ΓÇ¥) for the operation of the (proposed) 
[
I
nsert Hotel #2 name ______
]
 
hotel 
located or to be located at 
[
Insert Hotel #2 address ____ (ΓÇ£Insert Brand #2
 
______ Hotel
ΓÇ¥).
 
 
You requested that the Hotel and the 
[
Insert Hotel #2 ___
]
 
Hotel (collectively, ΓÇ£
Sharing Hotels
ΓÇ¥), which are 
[
or, will be
]
 
[Select:
 
part of the same building structure
 
or 
l
ocated in buildings adjacent to one another,
]
 
be 
permitted to jointly utilize certain shared hotel facilities and offer to their guests the use of certain shared 
amenities (ΓÇ£
Shared Facilities
ΓÇ¥) in accordance with the terms of this Addendum (ΓÇ£
Shared Facilities 
Arrangement
ΓÇ¥).
 
 
For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, you 
and we agree that the following provisions are incorporated into and made a part of the Agreement:
 
 
 
1)
 
We give our consent for the Hotel and the 
[
Hotel #2
]
 
Hotel to jointly utilize the Shared Facilities 
identified during our review and approval of the Plans and Designs for the Hotel and the 
[
Hotel #2
]
 
Hotel.
 
 
 
2)
 
Our consent is contingent upon you (or your Affiliate) executing a Shared Facilities Addendum to 
the 
[
Hotel #2
]
Agreement on the same terms contained in this Addendum.
 
 
3)
 
We expressly reserve the right to withdraw our consent and, on notice, require you to discontinue 
the Shared Facilities Arrangement if:
 
 
a)
 
we determine that such participation is detrimental to the operation of the Hotel, the guest 
experience, or the goodwill and reputation of the Brand and/or the Marks;
 
 
b)
 
any of the Shared Facilities fail to meet System Standards as set forth under the Agreement 
and/or the 
[
Hotel #2
]
 
Agreement; 
 
 
c)
 
either the Agreement or the 
[
Hotel #2
]
 
Agreement is terminated for any reason; 
 
 
d)
 
You Transfer a controlling Equity Interest in you, the Hotel Site, or the Agreement, without 
simultaneously selling, leasing, assigning, or Transferring a controlling Equity Interest in 
you (or your Affiliate controlling 
[
Hotel #2
]
 
Hotel), the 
[
Hotel #2
]
 
Hotel Site, or the 
[
Hotel 
#2
]
 
Agreement, to the same transferee or a transferee under common control with such 
transferee. Any Transfers are subject to the Transfer provisions of the Agreement. Failure 
to comply with the Transfer provisions is a material br
each of the Agreement.
 
 
If we withdraw our consent pursuant to this paragraph, to the extent that the Shared Facilities are 
part of Standards, you shall immediately make arrangements to either procure the Shared 
Facilities, or to construct comparable facilities and amenities, for
 
the exclusive use of the Hotel. 
Your failure to procure the Shared Facilities or construct comparable facilities and amenities to 
meet Standards is deemed to be a default that may result in the termination of the Agreement. If 
the Shared Facilities are no
 
longer a part of the Hotel, you are responsible for immediately removing 
any Marks or distinctive System features associated with the Brand from any of the Shared 
Facilities that are accessible to or visible by Hotel guests, and removing all other indicia
 
that the 
Hotel had joint possession or use of the Shared Facilities with the 
[
Hotel #2
]
 
Hotel.
 
 

 
56
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE
 
4)
 
So long as the Shared Facilities Arrangement is in place, any new franchise agreement executed 
in connection with a Transfer, or any successor franchise agreement executed between you and 
us must contain the provisions set forth in this Addendum. You ackno
wledge and agree that your 
refusal to include these restrictions in a successor franchise agreement will constitute a valid and 
reasonable basis for us to refuse to grant such successor franchise agreement. You acknowledge 
and agree that a proposed transfe
reeΓÇÖs refusal to include these restrictions in a new franchise 
agreement will constitute a valid and reasonable basis for us to deny our consent to such Change 
of Ownership Transfer.  
 
 
5)
 
You acknowledge and agree that any Default under the
 
[
Hotel #2
]
 
Agreement shall constitute a 
simultaneous Default of the Agreement, and termination of the 
[
Hotel #2
] 
Agreement pursuant to 
such Default shall constitute a valid basis for termination of the Agreement.
 
 
6)
 
All questions with respect to the construction of this Addendum and the rights and liabilities of the 
parties under this Addendum shall be governed by the internal laws of the state designated in the 
Agreement. A breach of any provision of this Addendum is
 
a breach of the Agreement.  Any action 
or proceeding related to or arising out of this Addendum shall be submitted and resolved exclusively 
by a court of competent jurisdiction located in the forum designated in the Agreement.
 
 
7)
 
All capitalized terms not expressly defined in this Addendum shall have the meanings set forth in 
the Agreement.  Except as expressly modified by this Addendum, the Agreement remains 
unmodified and in full force and effect.
 
 
8)
 
This Addendum may be executed in counterparts, and delivered by facsimile or other electronic 
transmission, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute 
one and the same instrument.
 
 
FRANCHISEE:
 
 
FRANCHISOR:
 
 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY]
, 
 
a
 
[INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]
 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
 
a Delaware limited liability company
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
Executed on:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Executed on:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT D-1 

EXHIBIT _ 
CALIFORNIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
The California Department of Financial Protection and Oversight requires that certain provisions contained 
in franchise documents be amended to be consistent with California law, including the California Franchise 
Investment Law, CAL. CORPORATIONS CODE Sec tion 31000 et seq., and the California Franchise 
Relations Act, CAL. BUS.  & PROF. CODE Section 20000 et seq. To the extent that the Franchise 
Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, such provisions are hereby 
amended: 
 
1. California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to you 
concerning nonrenewal and termination of the Franchise Agreement. The Federal Bankruptcy 
Code also provides rights to you concerning termination of the Franchise Ag reement upon certain 
bankruptcy-related events. To the extent the Franchise Agreement contains a provision that is 
inconsistent with these laws, these laws may control. 
 
2. If Franchisee is required in the Franchise Agreement to execute a release of claims, such release 
may require us to exclude claims arising under the California Franchise Investment Law and the 
California Franchise Relations Act. 
 
3. If the Franchise Agreement requires payment of liquidated damages that is inconsistent with 
California Civil Code Section 1671, the liquidated damage clause may be unenforceable.  
 
4. If the Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement, the covenant may be unenforceable under 
California law. 
 
5. If the Franchise Agreement requires litigation, arbitration or mediation to be conducted in a forum 
other than the State of California, the requirement may be unenforceable under California law.  
 
6. If the Franchise Agreement requires that it be governed by a stateΓÇÖs law, other than the State of 
California, such requirement may be unenforceable. 
 
7. Nothing in this or in any related agreement, however, is intended to disclaim the representations 
we made in the franchise disclosure document that we furnished to you. 
 
8. Section 16.11 is amended to delete subsections 16.11.1 and 16.11.2. 
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
 
Name:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Executed on:      
 
 

EXHIBIT _ 
 
HAWAII ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document or Franchise 
Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold under the 
laws of the State of Hawaii: 
 
1. Section 16.11 is amended to delete subsections 16.11.1 and 16.11.2. 
 
2. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming  
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in  
connection with the franchise. 
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]  
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
 
Name:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Executed on:      
 
 
 
 
  

EXHIBIT _ 
ILLINOIS ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
1. The first sentence of Subsection 16.2.1 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to read as follows: 
 
ΓÇ£The Parties agree that, except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 
(Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. ┬╢ 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement will be governed by the laws 
of the State of New York, except as otherwise required by the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, 
without recourse to New York choice of law or conflicts of law principles.ΓÇ¥  
 
2. Subsection 16.2.2 of the Franchise Agreement concerning jurisdiction and venue shall not 
constitute a waiver of any right conferred upon Franchisee by the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.  
 
3.  Section 16.11 is amended to delete subsections 16.11.1 and 16.11.2. 
 
4. Subsection 17.1 of the Franchise Agreement, containing a waiver of jury trial, shall not constitute a 
waiver of any right conferred upon Franchisee by the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.  
 
5. Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that ΓÇ£any condition, stipulation, or provision 
purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of 
this Act or any other law of this State is void.ΓÇ¥ The  Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act will govern the 
Franchise Agreement with respect to Illinois franchisees and any other person under the jurisdiction 
of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]  
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
 
Name:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Executed on:      
 
 
 

EXHIBIT _ 
 
MARYLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
1. The general release language contained in Subsection  16.8 of the Franchise Agreement shall not 
relieve the Franchisor or any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
2. The laws of the State of Maryland may supersede the Franchise Agreement, including Section 13, 
concerning termination and Section 3, concerning renewal of the License. 
 
3. Subsection 16.2.2 is amended to provided that a franchisee may sue in Maryland for claims arising 
under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claims arising under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Laws must be brough t within 3 years after the 
grant of the License. 
 
4. Section 16.4 is deleted and replaced with the following:   
 
 16.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and all of its attachments, documents, schedules, exhibits, 
and any other information specifically incorporated into this Agreement by reference will be 
construed together as the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Hotel and any 
other aspect of our relationship and will supersede and cancel any prior and/or contemporaneous 
discussions or writings between you and us. However, nothing in this Section 16.4, this Agreement, 
or in any of Your Hotel Agree ments is intended to disclaim the representations we made in any 
franchise disclosure document that we furnished to you. 
 
5. Section 16.11 is amended to delete subsections 16.11.1 and 16.11.2. 
 
6. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the  inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any  other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise. 
 
FRANCHISEE: FRANCHISOR: 
 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]  
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
 
Name:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Executed on:      
 
 
  

EXHIBIT _ 
 
MINNESOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
1. Section 3 and Section 13 are amended to provide that Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain 
termination and non -renewal rights. Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.14, subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 
require, except in certain specified cases, that franchisee be given 90 days notice of termination (with 
60 days to cure) and 180 days notice for non-renewal of the franchise agreement. 
 
2. Under Minnesota law, Franchisor must indemnify Franchisee against liability to third parties resulting 
from claims by third parties that FranchiseeΓÇÖs use of FranchisorΓÇÖs trademarks infringes trademark rights 
of the third party. Under Subsection  9.4, Franc hisor does not indemnify Franchisee against the 
consequences of FranchiseeΓÇÖs use of FranchisorΓÇÖs trademarks except in accordance with the 
requirements of the Franchise Agreement, and, as a condition to indemnification, Franchisee must 
provide notice to Franchisor of any such claim and tender the defense of the claim to Franchisor within 
ten (10) days after the claim is asserted. If Franchisor accepts the tender of defense, Franchisor has the 
right to manage the defense of the claim, including the right to  compromise, settle or otherwise resolve 
the claim, and to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the claim.  
 
3. In compliance with Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J, Subsection 9.6.2 of the Franchise Agreement is 
amended as follows: 
 
The first sentence is amended to read: ΓÇ£If you engage in such non -compliance or unauthorized and/or 
improper use of the System or the Marks during or after the Term, we and any of our applicable Affiliates, 
along with the successors and assigns of each, will be entitled to seek both temporary and permanent 
injunctive relief against you from any court of competent jurisdiction, in addition to all other remedies we 
and our Affiliates may have at law.ΓÇ¥  The second sentence is deleted in its entirety. 
 
 
4. The first sentence of Subsection 16.2.1 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to read as follows:  
 
ΓÇ£The Parties agree that, except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946 
(Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. ┬╢ 1050 et seq.), as amended, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of 
the State of New York without recourse to New York choice of law or conflicts of law principles, provided, 
however, that this Section shall not in any way abrogate or reduce any rights of Franchisee as provided 
for in Minnesota Statutes 1984, Chapter 80C, including the right to submit matters to the jurisdiction o f 
the courts of Minnesota.ΓÇ¥ 
 
5. The following language will appear at the end of Subsection 16.2.2 of the Franchise Agreement:  
 
ΓÇ£Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit Franchisor from 
requiring litigation to be conducted outside Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document or Franchise Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of FranchiseeΓÇÖs rights as provided for in 
Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80C, or FranchiseeΓÇÖs rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided 
for by the laws of the jurisdiction.ΓÇ¥  
 
6. Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit Franchisor from requiring 
Franchisee to consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.  Subsection 13.4 
of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its  entirety and replaced with the following:   
 
ΓÇ£Damages Upon Termination By Us. If we terminate the Agreement under Subsection 13.1 or 13.2 
above, you acknowledge your default will cause substantial damage to us.  You therefore agree that if 
we terminate this Agreement, the termination will not be our sole remedy, and you will also be liable to 
us for all damages and losses we have suffered arising from the early termination of this Agreement to 
the same extent as if you had improperly terminated the Agreement.  You also agree that you will remain 
liable for all other obligations and claims under this Agreement, including obligations following 
termination under Subsections 13.6, 9.6, 10.3 and Section 14 and other damages suffered by us arising 
out of your breach or default.ΓÇ¥ 

 
7. The following language will appear at the end of Subsection 16.8 of the Franchise Agreement:  
 
ΓÇ£Minnesota Rule 2860.4400D prohibits Franchisor from requiring a Franchisee to assent to a release, 
assignment, novation, or waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota 
franchise law.  This Subsection 16.8 does not require you to assent to any release, assignment, 
novation, or waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statutes 1973 
Supplement, sections 08C.01 to 80C.22, as amended, which also provides that the voluntary settlement 
of disputes is not barred.ΓÇ¥ 
 
8. Section 16.11 is amended to delete subsections 16.11.1 and 16.11.2. 
 
9. Minn. Rule 2860-4400J prohibits waiver of a jury trial.  Subsection 17.1 of the Franchise Agreement is 
deleted in its entirety. 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
 
Name:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Executed on:      
 
 
  

EXHIBIT _ 
 
NEW YORK ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document or Franchise Agreement, 
the following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold under the laws of the State of 
New York: 
 
1. Subsection 9.6 of the Franchise Agreement requiring you to consent to the entry of an injunction is 
amended to provide that you consent to the seeking of such an injunction. 
 
3. Subsection 16.8 is amended to provide that no release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement 
will relieve Franchisor or any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws of the 
State of New York concerning franchising. 
 
4. Section 16.11 is amended to delete subsections 16.11.1 and 16.11.2. 
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]  
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
 
Name:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Executed on:      
 
 
 

EXHIBIT _ 
 
NORTH DAKOTA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall 
supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of North Dakota:  
 
1. Subsection 16.2.1 is amended to provide that t he laws of the State of North Dakota supersede any 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement, the other agreements or New York law if such provisions are in 
conflict with North Dakota law.  The Franchise Agreement will be governed by North Dakota law. 
 
2. Subsection 16.2.2 is amended to provide that any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates 
jurisdiction or venue or requires the Franchisee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside of 
North Dakota, is deleted.  
 
3. The Franchise Agreement is amended to reflect that all liquidated damages provisions in the Franchise 
Agreement are deleted in their entirety.  Further, Subsection 13.4 of the Franchise Agreement is replaced 
by the following: 
 
Damages Upon Termination By Us. If we terminate the Agreement under Subsection 13.1 or 13.2 above, 
you acknowledge your default will cause substantial damage to us.  You therefore agree that if we 
terminate this Agreement, the termination will not be our sole remedy, and you will also be liable to us for 
all damages and losses we have suffered arising from the early termination of this Agreement to the same 
extent as if you had improperly terminated the Agreement.  You also agree that you will remain liable  for 
all other obligations and claims under this Agreement, including obligations following termination under 
Subsections 9.6, 10.3, 13.6, and Section 14 and other damages suffered by us arising out of your breach 
or default.  
4. Subsection 17.1, which requires you to waive your right to a trial by jury, is deleted in its entirety.  
 
5. Subsection 17.2, which requires you to waive your right to exemplary and punitive damages, is deleted in 
its entirety. 
 
6. Subsection 16.8 is amended to provide that no release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement 
will relieve Franchisor or any other person, directly or indirectly, from liability imposed by the laws of the 
State of North Dakota concerning franchising. 
 
7. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a Franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims  under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming  reliance on any 
statement made by any Franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf  of the Franchisor. 
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]  
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
 
Name:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Executed on:      
 
  

EXHIBIT _ 
 
PUERTO RICO ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall 
supersede and apply to all Franchise Agreements offered and sold in Puerto Rico:  
 
1. Subsection 16.2 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety, and replaced by the 
following: 
  
ΓÇ£16.2 Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue 
 
16.2.1 The Parties agree that, except to the extent governed by the United States 
Trademark Act of 1946 (Lanham Act; 15 U.S.C. ┬╢ 1050 et seq.), as amended, and except as set forth 
in Subsection 16.2.2, this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of N ew York without 
recourse to New York choice of law or conflicts of law principles.  Nothing in this Section is intended 
to invoke the application of any franchise, business opportunity, antitrust, ΓÇ£implied covenant,ΓÇ¥ unfair 
competition, fiduciary or any ot her doctrine of law of the State of New York or any other state that 
would not otherwise apply absent this Subsection 16.2.1.   
 
16.2.2 The Parties irrevocably agree that all disputes, controversies or claims 
arising out of in connection with this Agreement, or the breach, termination or invalidity of this 
Agreement will be finally settled by arbitration conducted by the American Arbitrat ion Association, 
JAMS or similar arbitral body (at FranchisorΓÇÖs election) in accordance with the Federal Rules of Civil 
Procedure by one (1) or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with said rules.ΓÇ» To the extent the 
Federal Rules of Civil Proced ure do not govern certain procedures or requirements relating to the 
arbitration, the parties will look to the applicable rules of the applicable arbitral body. The venue of 
the arbitration will be Fairfax County, Virginia, and the seat of the arbitration will be New York, New 
York. Arbitration proceedings will be conducted in English.   You consent to personal jurisdiction and 
venue this jurisdiction and waive, and agree not to assert, move or otherwise claim that the venue in 
this jurisdiction is for any reason improper, inconvenient, prejudicial or otherwise inappropriate.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that actions initiated or maintained by us for 
temporary remedies, injunctive or other equitable relief may be brought in any competent  court or 
other governmental agency or authority.  Notwithstanding such election, the choice of substantive law 
made by the parties pursuant to this Subsection 16.2 shall continue to apply. Issues relating to the 
conduct of any arbitration and enforcement of any award shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration 
Act, 9 U.S.C. ┬º┬º1-16.  An award of arbitration may be confirmed in a court of competent jurisdiction.ΓÇ¥ 
 
     
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
Name:       Name:       
Title:       Title:       
Executed on:       
 
 
  

EXHIBIT _ 
 
RHODE ISLAND ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions shall 
supersede and apply to all Franchise Agreements offered and sold in the State of Rhode Island:  
 
1. Subsection 16.2.1 is amended to provide that any provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates 
the governing law as that of any state other than the State of Rhode Island is deleted.  
 
2. Subsection 16.2.2 is amended to provide that Section 19 -28.1.-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise 
Investment Act, as amended by laws of 1993, provides that ΓÇ£a provision in a franchise agreement 
restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or requiring the application of the laws of 
another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under this Act.ΓÇ¥  
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]  
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
 
Name:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Executed on:      
 
 
 

EXHIBIT _ 
 
VIRGINIA ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document or Franchise 
Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold under the 
laws of the State of Virginia: 
 
1. Section 16.11 is amended to delete subsections 16.11.1 and 16.11.2. 
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]  
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
 
Name:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Executed on:      
 
 
 
  

 
EXHIBIT _ 
WASHINGTON ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
 
WASHINGTON ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, THE FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT, AND ALL RELATED AGREEMENTS 
 
The provisions of this Addendum form an integral part of, are incorporated into, and modify the Franchise 
Disclosure Document, the Franchise Agreement, and all related agreements regardless of anything to the 
contrary contained therein. This Addendum applies if: (a) the offer to sell a franchise is accepted in 
Washington; (b) the purchaser of the franchise is a resident of Washington; and/or (c) the fra nchised 
business that is the subject of the sale is to be located or operated, wholly or partly, in Washington.  
 
1.  Conflict of Laws. In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington  Franchise 
Investment Protection Act, chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail. 
 
2.  Franchisee Bill of Rights. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in the Franchise Agreement 
or related agreements concerning your relationship with the Franchisor, including in the areas of termination 
and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions that supersede the Franchise Agreement 
or related agreements concerning your relationship with the Franchisor. Franchise Agreement provisions, 
including those summarized in Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document, are subject to state  law. 
 
3.  Site of Arbitration, Mediation, and/or Litigation. In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise 
purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a 
place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or 
mediator at the time of ar bitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the Franchise 
Agreement, a Franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of 
franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.  
 
4.  General Release. A release or waiver of rights in the Franchise Agreement  or related  agreements 
purporting to bind the Franchisee to waive compliance with any provision under the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act or any rules or orders thereunder is  void except when executed pursuant to a 
negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent 
counsel, in accordance with  RCW 19.100.220(2). In addition, any such release or waiver executed in 
connection with a  renewal or transfer of a franchise is likewise void excep t as provided for in RCW  
19.100.220(2). 
 
5.  Statute of Limitations and Waiver of Jury Trial. Provisions contained in the Franchise Agreement or 
related agreements that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of  limitations period for claims under the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or  rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a 
jury trial, may not be enforceable. 
 
6.  Transfer Fees. Transfer fees are collectable only to the extent that they reflect the  franchisorΓÇÖs 
reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer. 
 
7.  Termination by Franchisee. The Franchisee may terminate the Franchise Agreement  under any 
grounds permitted under state law. 
 
8.  Certain Buy-Back Provisions. Provisions in Franchise Agreements or related agreements that permit 
the Franchisor to repurchase the FranchiseeΓÇÖs business for any reason during the  term of the Franchise 
Agreement without the FranchiseeΓÇÖs consent are unlawful pursuant to  RCW 19.100.180(2)(j), unless the 
franchise is terminated for good cause. 
 

9.  Fair and Reasonable Pricing. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or related agreements that 
requires the Franchisee to purchase or rent any product or service for more than a fair and reasonable price 
is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(d). 
 
10.  Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages. RCW 19.100.190 permits Franchisees to seek  treble 
damages under certain circumstances. Accordingly, provisions contained in the  Franchise Agreement or 
elsewhere requiring Franchisees to waive exemplary, punitive, or  similar damages are void, except when 
executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after  the agreement is in effect and where the parties are 
represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2). 
 
11.  FranchisorΓÇÖs Business Judgement. Provisions in the Franchise Agreement  or related agreements 
stating that the Franchisor may exercise its discretion on the basis of its  reasonable business judgment 
may be limited or superseded by RCW 19.100.180(1), which requires the parties to deal with each other in 
good faith. 
 
12.  Indemnification. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement  or related agreements requiring  the 
Franchisee to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the Franchisor or other parties is hereby 
modified such that the Franchisee has no obligation to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the 
Franchisor or any other indemnified party for losses  or liabilities to the extent that they are caused by the 
indemnified partyΓÇÖs negligence, willful misconduct, strict liability, or fraud. 
 
13.  AttorneysΓÇÖ Fees. If the Franchise Agreement or related agreements require a Franchisee to reimburse 
the Franchisor for court costs or expenses, including attorneysΓÇÖ fees, such  provision applies only if the 
Franchisor is the prevailing party in any judicial or arbitration proceeding. 
 
14.  Noncompetition Covenants. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is  void and 
unenforceable against an employee, including an employee of a Franchisee, unless  the employeeΓÇÖs 
earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that 
will be adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a  noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable 
against an independent contractor of a  Franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent 
contractorΓÇÖs earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an 
amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any provision contained in the franchise  
agreement or elsewhere that conflicts with these limitations is void and unenforceable in  Washington. 
 
15.  Nonsolicitation Agreements. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a Franchisor from restricting, restraining, or 
prohibiting a Franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a  Franchisee of the same Franchisor 
or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the Franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in the 
Franchise Agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
 
16.  Questionnaires and Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or 
agreed to by a Franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have 
the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any Franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
17.  Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement  or 
related agreements that prohibits the Franchisee from communicating with or complaining to regulators is 
inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise Disclosure Document and is unlawful under RCW 
19.100.180(2)(h). 
 
18.  Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, 
a ΓÇ£franchise brokerΓÇ¥ is defined as a person that engages in the business of the offer or sale of franchises. 
A franchise broker represents the Franchisor and is paid a fee for referring prospects to the Franchisor 
and/or selling the franchise. If a Franchisee is working with a franchise broker, Franchisees are advised to 
carefully evaluate any information provided by the franchise broker about a franchise.  

 
The undersigned parties do hereby acknowledge receipt of this Addendum.  
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]  
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company 
 
By:       By:       
 
Name:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Executed on:      
 
 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT D-2 

EXHIBIT - ____ 
 
DEVELOPMENT INCENTIVE NOTE 
 
McLean, Virginia 
$[INSERT AMOUNT]        Date: [INSERT DATE] 
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, [INSERT NAME (whether one or more, jointly and severally, ΓÇ£MakerΓÇ¥) promises 
to pay to the order of HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (ΓÇ£HolderΓÇ¥), 
the principal sum of [INSERT AMOUNT IN WORDS] ($[INSERT NUMERICAL AMOUNT]) which amount 
shall bear no interest unless Maker defaults or this Development Incentive Note (this ΓÇ£NoteΓÇ¥) is accelerated. 
 
This Note is issued pursuant to the Franchise Agreement between Holder and Maker for the operation of a 
[INSERT BRAND] hotel to be located at [INSERT ADDRESS] (ΓÇ£HotelΓÇ¥). All capitalized terms not defined 
in this Note shall have the same meaning as in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
The principal amount of this Note will be disbursed by Holder to Maker, and Maker will become subject to 
the obligation to repay or discharge this Note, when and if (a): Maker opens the Hotel with our consent; (b) 
there have been no material adverse changes in the business, legal, litigation, bankruptcy status or finances 
of the Maker, any guarantors, or the project since approval; (c) Maker has completed any PIP; and (d) 
Maker has paid the Franchise Application Fee. If the Franchise Agreement terminates be fore the Hotel 
opens and Holder has not disbursed the principal amount of this Note to Maker, then this Note will be 
deemed discharged and neither party will have any further obligation to the other under this Note. On each 
anniversary of the HotelΓÇÖs Opening Date, one-twentieth (1/20th) [UPDATE IF FA TERM IS NOT 20 YEARS] 
of the original principal amount will be forgiven without payment. MakerΓÇÖs obligation to repay the principal 
of this Note will cease and this Note will automatically be canceled and discharged when and if the principal 
is completely forgiven or repaid in accordance with these terms. For the purposes of calculating the portion 
of the principal amount of this Note that is forgiven each year, Holder will be deemed to have disbursed the 
full principal amount regardless of whether or not Holder has set off any amounts from such principal 
amount pursuant to the Franchise Agreement prior to disbursement to Maker. 
 
If a termination of the Franchise Agreement occurs for any reason; or a Transfer occurs, and the transferee 
does not assume MakerΓÇÖs obligation under this Note and cause a replacement co -maker acceptable to 
Holder to assume the obligations of any co-maker under this Note in a writing acceptable to Holder before 
the closing of such Transfer before the principal is forgiven or repaid, then the outstanding, unamortized 
principal balance of this Note shall be immediately due and payable without further notice, d emand or 
presentment. If this Note is accelerated under this paragraph, and is not paid within ten (10) days after it is 
due, the outstanding principal balance shall bear simple interest from its due date until paid at a rate equal 
to the lesser of eightee n percent (18%) per annum or the highest rate allowed by applicable law. The 
outstanding principal balance of this Note shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America 
at 7930 Jones Branch Dr., Suite 1100, McLean, VA 22102, Attention: Gene ral Counsel, or at such other 
place as Holder may periodically direct by written notice to Maker. Any payments shall be first applied to 
collection costs and expenses, if any, incurred by the Holder, second to any accrued but unpaid interest 
and last to principal. Maker has the right to prepay this Note, in whole or in part, at any time, without premium 
or penalty but amounts paid or prepaid may not be re -disbursed. Prepayments of principal will be applied 
without notation on this Note. MakerΓÇÖs obligation t o pay this Note shall be absolute and unconditional, and 
all payments shall be made without setoff, deduction, offset, recoupment or counterclaim.  
 
If this Note is collected by or through an attorney at law, the Holder shall be entitled to collect reasonable 
attorneyΓÇÖs fees and all costs of collection, which, shall be due and payable on demand or, at the HolderΓÇÖs 
election, may be added to the amount d ue and payable to Holder under this Note. This Note is issued in 
and shall be governed and construed according to the laws of the State of New York (without the application 
of conflict of laws principles). Each maker, co -maker, endorser, guarantor or accom modation party liable 
for this Note waives presentment, demand, notice of demand, protest, notice of non -payment, notice of 
protest, notice of dishonor and diligence in collection. Holder reserves the right to modify the terms of this 
Note, grant extension s, renewals, releases, discharges, compositions and compromises with any party 

liable on this Note, with or without notice to or the consent of, and without discharging or affecting the 
obligations of any other party liable under this Note.  
 
The terms ΓÇ£HolderΓÇ¥ and ΓÇ£MakerΓÇ¥ shall be deemed to include their respective heirs, successors, legal 
representatives and assigns, whether by voluntary action of the parties or by operation of law; provided 
that, Maker shall not assign or delegate any of its obligations or agreements hereunder without the HolderΓÇÖs 
prior written consent and any assignment or delegation without such prior written consent shall be null and 
void. All references to ΓÇ£MakerΓÇ¥ shall mean an d include the named Maker and all co -makers, guarantors, 
sureties and accommodation parties signing or endorsing this Note, and all such parties signing or 
endorsing this Note shall be jointly and severally liable with the named Maker for all of MakerΓÇÖs obligations 
and liabilities under this Note.  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Note effective on the date indicated above.  
 
 
Maker        
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
 
 
By:       
Name:       
Title:       
Executed on:      
  
 
 
[REQUIRED IF PRINCIPAL OF NOTE IS $1,000,000 OR MORE: 
Co-Maker 
[INSERT ENTITY],  
a [INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY] 
 
 
By:       
Name:       
Title:       
Executed on:      
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT D-3 

 
{000011-002419 00272930.DOC; 1} 1  2026  EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT 
EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
THIS EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (ΓÇ£AmendmentΓÇ¥) is made and 
entered into by and between  HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  
(ΓÇ£we,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£us,ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£ourΓÇ¥) and the franchisee entity (ΓÇ£you,ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£yourΓÇ¥) set forth in the Addendum attached to the 
franchise agreement dated [INSERT DATE] (ΓÇ£ Franchise AgreementΓÇ¥) as of [INSERT DATE] (ΓÇ£ Effective 
DateΓÇ¥). 
WHEREAS, the Franchise Agreement permits you to operate the Hotel as a [INSERT] Brand 
hotel (ΓÇ£HotelΓÇ¥); you have applied to operate an eforea spa (ΓÇ£eforea spaΓÇ¥) in connection with the operation 
of the Hotel; we are willing to accept such application and grant a license to you to use the Brand in the 
operation of an eforea spa at the Hotel Site pursuant to the Franchise Agreement  as amended by this 
Amendment. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are 
acknowledged, we and you agree as follows: 
1. Terms.  Capitalized terms in this Amendment have the meaning set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement, unless amended pursuant to Section 2 below.   
2. Changes to Certain Defined Terms.  Section 1 of the Franchise Agreement is amended 
as follows: 
(a) The following defined terms in Section 1 of the Franchise Agreement are deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
ΓÇ£HotelΓÇ¥ means the property you will operate under this Agreement and includes all 
structures, facilities, appurtenances, furniture, fixtures, equipment, and entry, exit, parking 
and other areas located on the Hotel Site we have approved for your business, including 
an eforea spa, located on any land we approve in the future for additions, signs, parking 
or other facilities.   
ΓÇ£BrandΓÇ¥ means with respect to the Hotel, the brand name set forth in the Addendum, and 
the brand name ΓÇ£eforeaΓÇ¥ with respect to the spa to be operated hereunder.   
ΓÇ£TermΓÇ¥ means the period from the Effective Date through the expiration of this 
Agreement on the date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated earlier under the 
terms of this Agreement.  The Term for the operation of your eforea  spa shall expire on 
the earlier of: (i) the termination of the eforea spa Amendment to this  Agreement or 
(ii) the expiration or termination of this Agreement.   
ΓÇ£Opening Date ΓÇ¥ means the day on which we authorize you to make available the 
facilities, guestrooms or services of the Hotel to the general public under the Brand.  
However, the ΓÇ£Opening DateΓÇ¥ as it relates to the eforea spa, shall mean the day on which 
we authorize you to make available the spaΓÇÖs services to the general public.   
ΓÇ£Trade NameΓÇ¥ means the name of the Hotel set forth in the Addendum, and with respect 
to the operation of the spa in connection with the Hotel, the name ΓÇ£eforea.ΓÇ¥ 
(b) The definition of ΓÇ£ ManualΓÇ¥ is amended to include the eforea Spa Operating 
Standards Manual.    
(c) The definition of ΓÇ£ StandardsΓÇ¥ is amended to include application to eforea spa s 
licensed by us.   
(d) The definition of ΓÇ£SystemΓÇ¥ is amended to include the elements that we designate 
to distinguish spas operating under the ΓÇ£eforeaΓÇ¥ name, including know-how.   

 
{000011-002419 00272930.DOC; 1} 2  2026  EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT 
(e) The following term is added to the defined terms in Section 1: 
ΓÇ£Gross Spa RevenueΓÇ¥ means all revenue from services and retail sales of products from 
the eforea spa, less amounts for spa rebates and overcharges, but does not include any 
sales or other taxes collected directly from spa customers or any revenue derived from 
food and beverage sales from the eforea spa.   
3. Grant of Non-Exclusive License.  We and you acknowledge that in executing this 
Amendment, and modifying certain  of the defined terms in the Franchise Agreement during the term of 
this Amendment, we are granting to you and you are accepting a limited, non -exclusive license to operate 
a spa on the Hotel Site using the eforea name and other indicia of an eforea spa  during the Term 
applicable to the eforea spa, and you are agreeing to comply with all Standards that have been and are in 
the future developed by us for use in connection with the design, construction, renovation, refurbishment, 
appearance, equipment, furnishing, supplying, opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, 
service levels, quality, and quality assurance of eforea spas.   
4. Our Responsibilities .  Subsection 4 .4 of the Franchise Agreement  is amended by the 
addition of the following new Subsection: 
4.4.8 Spa.  We will provide you with (i) a sample layout for the interior of a typical eforea 
spa, and specifications we have approved related to the design and construction of the 
spa, (ii) a collateral suite to support the operation of your Spa, and (iii) a periodic list of ay 
approved suppliers and specifications for any required operating equipment, products, 
supplies and furnishings in the spa. As and when we determine, we may  provide the 
services of a Spa Performance Director to periodically provide you with suggestions for 
the improvement of your spaΓÇÖs operations.   
5. Trade Name, Use of the Marks .  Subsection 9.2.1  of the Franchise Agreement  is 
amended by the addition of the following sentence after the first sentence: 
The spa operated at the Hotel Site as a part of the Hotel will be known by the Trade Name 
ΓÇ£eforea,ΓÇ¥ unless otherwise approved, or changed by us.   
6. Additional Operational and Other Requirements.   
(a) Subsection 5.1.1  of the Franchise Agreement  is deleted and replaced with the 
following: 
5.1.1  after the Opening Date, operate the Hotel twenty -four (24) hours a day; provided, 
however, you will operate the eforea spa for those days of the week and hours of the day 
that we may periodically establish; 
(b) Subsection 5.1.27 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by deleting the word 
ΓÇ£andΓÇ¥ after the semicolon,  
(c) Subsection 5.1. 28 of the Franchise Agreement is amended by changing the 
period to a semicolon and adding the following subparagraphs: 
5.1.29 the Opening Date for the eforea spa must be within twelve (12) months of the 
Effective Date of the eforea Amendment;  
5.1.30 after the Opening Date, o perate the eforea spa for those days of the week and 
hours of the day as we may establish;  
5.1.31 you must display all material, including brochures and promotional materials we 
provide for eforea spas, and allow advertising and promotion of eforea spas on your 

 
{000011-002419 00272930.DOC; 1} 3  2026  EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT 
spaΓÇÖs premises, unless we specifically direct you to include advertising or promotion of 
Other Hotels or other non-eforea spas; and 
5.1.32 comply with System Standards for the training of persons involved in the 
operation of the eforea spa, including completion by each member of the spa ΓÇÖs staff of 
the training program for operation of the spa under the System, at a site we designate.  
You will pay us all fees and charges, if any, we require for your personnel to attend these 
training programs.  You will also be responsible for the wages, room, board and travel 
expenses of your personnel. 
7. Fees.  In addition to the fees set forth in the Franchise Agreement, you will pay us the 
following additional fees in connection with your eforea spa:   
(a) Initial Fee.  An initial fee of Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($2 5,000), due and 
payable on execution of this Amendment (ΓÇ£Initial FeeΓÇ¥) as consideration for our grant to you of the right to 
operate an eforea spa as specified by this Amendment .  The Initial Fee shall be deemed to have been 
earned by us at the time of execution of this Amendment by you, and shall not be refundable. 
(b) Spa Royalty.  An amount equal to two percent (2%) of your Gross Spa Revenue.  
This fee shall be added to your Monthly Royalty Fee but shall only be payable on Gross Spa Revenue.  
For the avoidance of any doubt, this fee (i) will be due and we will have all rights related to this fee as set 
forth in th e Franchise Agreement  related to the Monthly Royalty Fee , and (ii)  is paid in addition to any 
other fees set forth in the Franchise Agreement.   
8. Lease; Competition; Transfer.  Notwithstanding anything set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement to the contrary, you understand and acknowledge that :  (i) you may not lease or sublease 
commercial space in your eforea spa, or enter into concession arrangements for operations in connection 
with your eforea spa; (ii) neither you nor any affiliate may operate, have operated on your behalf or on 
behalf of an affiliate, or allow the operation of, another spa in, adjacent to or that is associated in any way 
with, the Hotel; (iii) you may not enter into a Change of Ownership Transfer for your Hotel unless you are 
also transferring your eforea spa in the same transaction and you may not enter into a Change of 
Ownership Transfer for your eforea spa unless you are also transferring your Hotel in the same 
transaction; and (iv) any Restricted Area granted by Franchisor shall not apply to Franchisee with respect 
to its eforea spa.  Further, in any transaction referred to in clause (ii) above, the Transferee for your Hotel 
and the spa operated as part of your Hotel must be the same entity.   
9. Termination.  You acknowledge and agree :  (i) the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise Agreement will terminate all of your rights to operate an eforea spa; and (ii) this Amendment 
can be terminated for any of the grounds set forth in the termination provisions of the Franchise 
Agreement, whether or not the Franchise Agreement is also terminated, following which you will have no 
further right to use the name ΓÇ£eforeaΓÇ¥ in connection with the operation of a spa at the Hotel Site.    
10. Your Obligations On Termination or Expiration.  In the event of a termination or expiration 
with respect to your right to operate the spa as an eforea spa, in addition to, and not in lieu of, any of your 
obligations that arise on termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement, you will immediately:   
(a) cease using the eforea name, and any other names, marks, trade dress , 
systems, insignia, symbols, and other rights, procedures and methods licensed to you under this eforea 
Amendment with respect to the operation of a spa, and any confusingly similar names, marks, trade 
dress, systems, insignia, symbols, procedures and methods;  
(b) deliver all goods and materials containing that portion of the Marks related to the 
operation of an eforea spa to us and we will have the sole and exclusive use of any items containing 
those Marks; 

 
{000011-002419 00272930.DOC; 1} 4  2026  EFOREA SPA AMENDMENT 
(c) make any specified changes to the Hotel and the Hotel Site as we may 
reasonably require for the purpose of de -identifying your spa, which will include removal of the signs, 
custom decorations and promotional materials related to the operation of an eforea spa;  
(d) cease representing yourself or the Hotel as then or formerly operating a spa as 
an eforea spa;  
(e) return all copies of the eforea Spa Operations Standards Manual to us; and 
(f) cancel all assumed name or equivalent registrations relating to your use of the 
eforea name in connection with the operation of a spa at the Hotel, and irrevocably assign and transfer to 
us (or to our designees) all of your right, title and interest in any domain name listings and registrations 
that contain any reference to the eforea name, all to the same extent as would be required under 
Subparagraphs 13.6.6 and 13.6.7 of the Franchise Agreement on termination of that agreement.   
11. Representations and Warranties .  Subsection 16.11.1 of the Franchise Agreement  is 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:   
16.11.1 you have independently investigated the risks of operating the Hotel and a spa 
under the Brand, including current and potential market conditions and competitive 
factors and risks, and have made an independent evaluation of all such matters and 
reviewed our Franchise Disclosure Document, if applicable.   
12. Original Document.  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, 
and delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission, each of which shall be deemed an original, 
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.   
13. Authority.  Franchisee represents and warrants that the individual signing this 
Amendment on its behalf has the necessary authority and legal capacity to execute this instrument and 
represent Franchisee.   
14. Effect.  The terms of this Amendment are expressly made subject to and are governed by 
the Franchise Agreement.  Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Franchise Agreement 
shall continue in full force and effect.  In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Franchise 
Agreement and this Amendment, this Amendment shall control.   
IN WITNESS WHEREOF  the parties have executed this Amendment as indicated below to take 
effect as of the Effective Date. 
FRANCHISEE:      FRANCHISOR: 
 
[INSERT FRANCHISEE ENTITY], a    HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, 
[INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]    a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 
By:        By:         
 
Name:        Name:       
 
Title:       Title:        
 
Executed:       Executed:       

EXHIBIT  D-4

 
1
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID 
 
RESTAURANT BRAND AMENDMENT
 
RESTAURANT BRAND
 
AMENDMENT
 
TO 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
 
[INSERT BRAND AND HOTEL NAME]
 
[CITY, STATE/PROVINCE]
 
THIS 
RESTAURANT BRAND
 
A
MENDMENT
 
TO 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT
 
(ΓÇ£
Amendment
ΓÇ¥
 
or 
ΓÇ£
Restaurant Brand Amendment
ΓÇ¥
) is 
made and entered into 
by and between
 
HILTON FRANCHISE 
HOLDING 
LLC
, a Delaware limited liability company
 
(ΓÇ£
w
e
,ΓÇ¥ ΓÇ£
u
s
,ΓÇ¥
 
or
 
ΓÇ£
o
ur
ΓÇ¥) and 
[
INSERT FRANCHISEE 
ENTITY NAME
], a[n] [Insert State of Formation] [Insert Type of Entity]
 
(
ΓÇ£
Franchisee
ΓÇ¥, 
ΓÇ£
you
,ΓÇ¥
 
or
 
ΓÇ£
your
ΓÇ¥) 
as 
of 
______________________
 
(ΓÇ£
Effective Date
ΓÇ¥)
.
 
We and you may collectively be referred to as the 
ΓÇ£
Parties
ΓÇ¥
 
and individually as a ΓÇ£
Party
ΓÇ¥.
 
WHEREAS, we and you are parties to a franchise agreement dated as of [Insert Effective Date] (collectively, 
with all applicable amendments, addenda, riders, supplemental agreements and assignments, the 
ΓÇ£
Franchise
 
Agreement
ΓÇ¥
) with respect to the [Insert Brand and Hotel Name] located at [Insert Address of 
the Hotel] (ΓÇ£
Hotel
ΓÇ¥); and
 
WHEREAS,
 
the Franchise Agreement 
permits 
you
 
to operate 
the Hotel 
as a 
[INSERT
]
 
Brand
 
hotel
; 
you 
have applied 
to 
operate 
the restaurant
 
or other dining
 
brand concept known as 
[
INSERT RESTAURANT 
BRAND
]
 
(
the 
ΓÇ£
Restaurant Brand
ΓÇ¥) 
in connection with the operation of the 
H
otel
; w
e are
 
willing to accept 
such application and grant a license to 
you
 
to 
use the 
Restaurant 
Brand
 
in the operation of 
a
 
restaurant
 
and/
or bar 
located
 
at the 
H
otel 
S
ite
 
pursuant to the 
Franchise Agreement
,
 
as amended 
by this 
Restaurant 
Brand 
Amendment
; and 
the Parties desire to modify the Franchise Agreement to reflect such arrangeme
nt 
and otherwise to enter into the agreements as provided in this 
Restaurant Brand Amendment
.
 
NOW, THEREFORE,
 
for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which 
are
 
acknowledged, 
we
 
and 
you
 
agree as follows:
 
1.
 
Capitalized 
Terms
.  Capitalized terms 
in this
 
Restaurant Brand
 
Amendment
 
have the meaning set 
forth in the 
Franchise Agreement
, unless 
amended 
or defined in this 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment
.  
 
2.
 
Changes to 
C
ertain 
D
efined 
T
erms
.  
Section 
1 of the 
Franchise Agreement
 
is
 
amended as 
follows:
 
(a)
 
The 
following 
defined terms in 
Section 
1 of the 
Franchise Agreement
 
are
 
deleted and 
replaced with the following
:
 
ΓÇ£
Brand
ΓÇ¥ means 
with respect to the Hotel, 
the brand name set forth in the 
Addendum
, and 
with respect to the 
Restaurant
, the Restaurant Brand
.  
 
ΓÇ£
Hotel
ΓÇ¥ means the property you will operate under this Agreement and includes all 
structures, facilities, appurtenances, furniture, fixtures, equipment, and entry, exit, parking 
and other areas located on the Hotel Site we have approved for your business, includ
ing 
the restaurant and/or bar operating under the Restaurant Brand, located on any land we 
approve in the future for additions, signs, parking or other facilities.  
 
ΓÇ£
Marks
ΓÇ¥ means (i) with respect to the Hotel, the Brand and all other business names, 
copyrights, designs, distinguishing characteristics, domain names, emblems, insignia, 
logos, slogans, service marks, symbols, trademarks, trade dress and trade names 
(whether re
gistered or unregistered) used in the System; and (ii) with respect to the 
Restaurant, the 
Restaurant
 
Brand
 
Marks.
 
ΓÇ£
Opening Date
ΓÇ¥ means the day on which we authorize you to make available the facilities, 
guestrooms or services of the Hotel to the general public under the 
Brand
.  However,
 
the 

 
2
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID 
 
RESTAURANT BRAND AMENDMENT
 
ΓÇ£O
pening 
D
ate
ΓÇ¥
 
as it relates to the 
Restaurant 
shall mean the day on which we authorize 
you to make available the 
Restaurant
ΓÇÖs
 
services
 
to the general public.  
 
ΓÇ£
Term
ΓÇ¥ means
, (i) with respect to the Hotel,
 
the period from the Effective Date through the 
expiration of this Agreement on the date set forth in the Addendum, unless terminated 
earlier under the terms of this Agreement
, and (ii) with respect to the 
license of the 
Restaurant Brand, 
the Restaurant Brand Term
, unless terminated earlier under the terms 
of this Agreement
.    
 
ΓÇ£
Trade Name
ΓÇ¥ means the name of the 
Hotel 
set forth in the 
Addendum
, and with respect 
to the operation of the 
Restaurant
, 
the Restaurant Trade Name
.
 
(b)
 
T
he definition of ΓÇ£
Manual
ΓÇ¥ 
is
 
amended to include the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines
.   
 
(c)
 
The definition of ΓÇ£
Standards
ΓÇ¥ 
is
 
amended to 
include application 
to 
Restaurant Brands
 
licensed by us
 
and
 
food and beverage outlets
 
operating under such Restaurant Brands
, 
including the 
Restaurant located at the Hotel
.  
 
(d)
 
The definition of ΓÇ£
System
ΓÇ¥ 
is
 
amended to include the elements
 
that we designate to 
distinguish 
restaurants 
and/
or bars 
operating under the 
Restaurant Brand
 
name
, including 
know
-
how
.  
 
(e)
 
With respect to the Restaurant, ΓÇ£
Construction Work
ΓÇ¥ means the portion of the 
Construction Work for the Restaurant at the Hotel.
 
(f)
 
With respect to the Restaurant, ΓÇ£
Renovation Work
ΓÇ¥ means the 
portion of the Renovation 
Work for the Restaurant at the Hotel, as set out in any PIP applicable to the Hotel or as 
otherwise set out in this Restaurant Brand Amendment.
 
(g)
 
With respect to the Restaurant, ΓÇ£
Construction Commencement Date
ΓÇ¥ and 
ΓÇ£
Construction Work Completion Date
ΓÇ¥ mean the applicable date set out in this 
Restaurant Brand Amendment, if applicable, by which you must commence and complete, 
respectively, the Restaurant at the Hotel.  
 
(h)
 
With respect to the Restaurant, ΓÇ£
Renovation Commencement Date
ΓÇ¥ and ΓÇ£
Renovation 
Work Completion Date
ΓÇ¥ mean the applicable date set out in this Restaurant Brand 
Amendment, if applicable, by which you must commence and complete, respectively, the 
Restaurant at the Hotel.
 
(i)
 
The following definitions are added
 
to Section 1 of the Franchise Agreement
:
 
ΓÇ£
Development Services
ΓÇ¥ means Restaurant Brand concept implementation materials and 
design process support, together with consultation and guidance on: (a) branding 
implementation; (b) menu and recipe implementation; (c) uniforms, operating supplies and 
equipment; (d) sourcing 
and procurement; and (e) any other general pre
-
opening services, 
guidance, and support that we offer to support the development and opening of 
food and 
beverage outlets under the 
Restaurant
 
Brand
.
 
ΓÇ£
Restaurant Brand
ΓÇ¥ means 
[INSERT RESTAURANT BRAND]
, as that name is used to 
identify the chain of restaurants and bars operated under the same 
Restaurant
 
Brand 
Standards
. The 
Restaurant
 
Brand does not mean Hilton Worldwide, its Affiliates, or any 
other brands, product lines, or chains of hotels that include the words ΓÇ£
[INSERT 
RESTAURANT BRAND]
ΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£HiltonΓÇ¥ as any part of their brand name
.
 
ΓÇ£
Restaurant Brand Marks
ΓÇ¥ means the Restaurant Brand and all other business names, 
copyrights, designs, distinguishing characteristics, domain names, emblems, insignia, 

 
3
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID 
 
RESTAURANT BRAND AMENDMENT
 
logos, slogans, service marks, symbols, trademarks, trade dress and trade names 
(whether registered or unregistered) used in the Restaurant Brand System.
 
ΓÇ£
Restaurant Brand Guidelines
ΓÇ¥ 
means 
standards, specifications, requirements, criteria, 
and policies that have been and are in the future developed and compiled by us for use by 
you in connection with the design, construction, renovation, refurbishment, appearance, 
equipment, furnishing, supp
lying, opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, 
service levels, quality, and quality assurance of Restaurant Brand 
food and beverage 
outlets
 
including the 
Restaurant
 
at the Hotel, whether contained in the Manual or set out in 
this 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment
 
or other written communication. The 
Restaurant
 
Brand 
Guidelines do not include any personnel policies or procedures that we may, at our option, 
make available to you.  You may, in your sole judgment, determine to what extent, if any, 
any such personnel policies or procedures might apply to the Restaur
ant at the Hotel
.
 
ΓÇ£
Restaurant Brand System
ΓÇ¥ means the elements, including the know
-
how, that we 
designate to distinguish restaurants, bars, or other food and beverage outlets operating 
under the Restaurant Brand. The Restaurant Brand System currently includes: the 
Restaurant Brand; the Restaurant 
Brand Marks; the Restaurant Trade Name; the 
Restaurant Brand Standards; access to advertising, publicity and other marketing 
programs and materials; training programs and materials; and programs for our inspection 
of the Restaurant 
and consulting with you.
 
ΓÇ£
Restaurant Brand Term
ΓÇ¥ 
means the period commencing on
 
the Effective Date of the 
Restaurant Brand Amendment and 
expiring
 
on the earlier of: (i) the termination of the 
Restaurant Brand Amendment to this Agreement
;
 
or (ii)
 
the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement
 
[ADD CLAUSE (III) IF THE RESTAURANT BRAND TERM RUNS FOR LESS 
THAN THE FULL TERM OF THE FA
 
;
 
or (iii) the [________ (___)] anniversary of the 
Effective Date of the Restaurant Brand Amendment
]
.
 
ΓÇ£
Restaurant
ΓÇ¥ means 
the 
restaurant, bar, or other 
food and beverage outlet at the Hotel 
Site 
that is operated 
or to be operated 
under the Restaurant Brand
 
as part of the Hotel
.
 
ΓÇ£
Restaurant Trade Name
ΓÇ¥ means ΓÇ£[INSERT]ΓÇ¥
,
 
unless otherwise approved or changed by 
us.
 
3.
 
Grant of 
Non
-
Exclusive 
License
.  We and you acknowledge that in executing this
 
Restaurant 
Brand
 
Amendment, and modifying certain
 
of the defined terms 
in the 
Franchise Agreement
 
during 
the 
t
erm of this 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment
, we are granting to you and you are accepting a 
limited, non
-
exclusive license to 
use the Restaurant Brand Marks and the Restaurant Brand System 
during the Restaurant Brand Term at, and in connection with, the operation
 
of the Restaurant in 
accordance with the terms of the Franchise Agreement (as amended)
.  
 
4.
 
Our Responsibilities
.  
S
ubs
ection 4
.
8
 
of the 
Franchise Agreement
 
is amended by the addition of 
the following 
new 
S
ubs
ection
:
 
4.8
 
Restaurant Brand
.  
 
4
.8.1
 
We will provide you with 
a package of support materials that 
may 
include 
signage
 
guidelines
, 
menu templates, design and visual identity guides,
 
staff uniform
 
guidelines
,
 
and
/or other
 
supporting collateral for the Restaurant Brand concept
 
as we deem 
applicable
. We do not 
mandate entire menus
 
(specifying every food and beverage item 
that you must offer)
, but 
we may require you to offer certain menu items that we deem to 
be signature elements of the Restaurant Brand
.  In addition,
 
we may specify the types and 
quality level of the menu items that you may offer in the Restaurant 
and the minimum 
service or meal periods (such as, for example, breakfast, lunch, dinner, snack occasions, 
evening drinks and cocktail service, etc.)
.  
 

 
4
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID 
 
RESTAURANT BRAND AMENDMENT
 
4.8.2
 
We will consult with you on the design and build
-
out of your Restaurant 
Brand; provided, however, that you will always remain responsible for 
the design, 
construction, renovation, refurbishment, appearance, equipment, furnishing, supplying, 
opening, operating, maintaining, marketing, services, service levels, quality, and quality 
assurance of the Restaurant at your Hotel Site.
 
You are solely responsible for the 
compliance of the Restaurant with 
all 
Laws
, 
and 
you must rely solely on your own outside 
consultants for all architectural, engineering, or similar professional services.
  
Any advice, 
assistance
, recommendation, or other consulting service we provide 
is not intended to be 
and will not constitute any representation, warranty, agreement, covenant, promise or 
guaranty of any kind or nature whatsoever
.  
 
5.
 
Trade Name, Use of the Marks
.  
Subsection 9.2.1
 
of the 
Franchise Agreement
 
is amended by the 
addition of the following sentence 
after the first sentence
:
 
The 
Restaurant
 
operated at the Hotel Site as a part of the Hotel 
under the Restaurant Brand 
will 
be known by the 
Restaurant 
Trade Name 
unless otherwise approved,
 
or changed by us.  
 
6.
 
Additional Operational and Other Requirements
.  
 
(a)
 
Subsection 5.1.1
 
of the 
Franchise Agreement
 
is
 
deleted and replaced with the following:
 
5.1.1
  
after the Opening Date, operate the Hotel twenty
-
four (24) hours a day; 
provided, however, you will operate the 
Restaurant 
for 
all required 
days, time periods, and 
meal periods that we may specify
;
 
(b)
 
Subsection 5.1.3 of the Franchise Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following:
 
5.1.3
  
comply with the Standards, including our specifications for all supplies, 
products and services.  We may require you to purchase a particular brand of product or 
service to maintain the common identity and reputation of the Brand, and you will comply 
wit
h such requirements.  With respect to 
the Restaurant
, 
you 
will comply with 
the Standards 
and the Restaurant Brand Gu
idelines, and 
you must offer and sell the type and quality of 
food products that we specify.  Unless we specify otherwise, you may purc
hase products 
from any authorized source of distribution; however, we reserve the right, in our business 
judgment, to enter into exclusive purchasing arrangements for particular products or 
services and to require that you purchase products or services fro
m approved suppliers or 
distributors;
 
(c)
 
Subsection 5.1
.
[
2
8
]
[2
9
]
 
of the 
Franchise Agreement
 
is amended 
by 
deleting the word ΓÇ£andΓÇ¥ 
after the semicolon
.  
 
(d)
 
Subsection 5.1.
[
2
9
]
[
30
]
 
of the Franchise Agreement is amended by changing the period 
to 
a semicolon and adding 
the following subparagraph
s
:
 
5.1.
[
30
][3
1
]
 
cause 
the Opening Date for the 
Restaurant 
to occur
 
within 
twelve 
(12) 
months of the Effective Date of 
the 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment
;
 
 
5.1.
[
3
1
][3
2
]
 
after the Opening Date, o
perate the 
Restaurant 
for 
all required 
days of the week and 
meal periods 
during the hours we specify or approve, including 
up to 
any and all days and hours that the Hotel is required to be in operation (for the avoidance 
of doubt, for purposes of Hotel room service
, catering services, and/or other services, the 
Restaurant kitchen operating hours may be different than dining room hours
)
; 
 
5.1.
[
3
2
]
[3
3
]
 
display all material, including brochures and promotional materials 
we provide for 
the 
Restaurant Brand
, and allow advertising and promotion of 
Restaurant 

 
5
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID 
 
RESTAURANT BRAND AMENDMENT
 
Brand 
food and beverage outlets
 
on your
 
Hotel premises (including the
 
Restaurant
ΓÇÖs
 
premises
)
; 
and
 
5.1.
[
3
3
][3
4
]
 
comply with 
the 
Standards 
and the Restaurant Brand Guidelines 
for the training of persons involved in the operation of the 
Restaurant
, including completion 
by each 
member
 
of the 
restaurantΓÇÖs 
and/
or barΓÇÖs 
staff
 
of 
any 
training program for operation 
of the 
restaurant 
and/
or bar 
under the System, at a site we designate.  You will pay us all 
fees and charges, if any, we require for your 
attendees 
to attend these training programs.  
You will also be responsible for the
 
travel, lodging, and other expenses your attendees 
incur in connection with attending these programs.
 
You acknowledge and agree that when 
we provide training, we provide the training content that we deem necessary and 
appropriate for the business functions of the Restaurant so that it may operate in 
accordance w
ith our Standards and the 
Restaurant
 
Brand Guidelines; and we do not direct 
or supervise your personnel, or have, retain, or exercise any control over your (or your 
Management CompanyΓÇÖs) personnel or personnel policies or procedures in any manner.
.
 
7.
 
Hotel Work for the Restaurant
.  
 
(a)
 
The terms and conditions of Section 6.0 (Hotel Work) of the Franchise Agreement shall 
apply with respect to the Hotel Work for the Restaurant. 
 
(b)
 
The dates by which you must commence and complete the Hotel Work with respect to 
the Restaurant are as follows:
 
[Construction Commencement Date:]
 
[_____________________]
 
[Construction Work Completion Date:]
 
[_____________________]
 
[Renovation Commencement Date:]
 
[_____________________]
 
[Renovation Work Completion Date:]
 
[_____________________]
 
 
(c)
 
You may request an extension of the Construction Commencement Date, Construction 
Work Completion Date, Renovation Commencement Date, or the Renovation Work 
Completion Date specified above by submitting a request for our approval before the 
applicable deadl
ine, describing the status of the project and the reason for the requested 
extension, and paying our then
-
current extension fee. We may, in our sole discretion, grant 
or deny approval, or condition our approval of your extension request on (i) your payment
 
of our then
-
current extension fee; (ii) your prompt submission of a written status of the 
project, including such information as we might reasonably request; and/or (iii) any other 
conditions we consider appropriate under the circumstances.  If the Franch
ise Agreement 
contains provisions for automatic extensions of any such dates, such automatic extensions 
will not apply to the Hotel Work for the Restaurant unless the Hotel Work for the Restaurant 
is undertaken simultaneously with the Hotel Work for the en
tire Hotel and an automatic 
extension applies with respect to such deadlines for the entire Hotel.  
 
8.
 
Development Services Fee
.  In addition to the fees set forth in the 
Franchise Agreement
, you will 
pay us 
an amount equal to 
Seventy
-
Five Thousand
 
Dollars ($
7
5,000) (ΓÇ£
Development Services 
Fee
ΓÇ¥) as consideration for our grant to you of the right to use the 
Restaurant
 
Brand as specified by 
this 
Restaurant Brand
 
Amendment and for the initial Development Services we provide before the 
Opening Date. 
One
-
half of the 
Development Services Fee is due and payable concurrently upon 
execution of this 
Restaurant Brand 
Am
endment
, and one
-
half of the Development Services Fee is 
due and payable
 
upon the opening of the Restaurant. The Development Services Fee 
will be paid 

 
6
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID 
 
RESTAURANT BRAND AMENDMENT
 
to us at the place and in the manner we designate.  This fee will be deemed to have been earned 
by us at the time of execution of this 
Restaurant Brand
 
Amendment by you and is not refundable
.
  
 
9.
 
Lease; 
Competition; 
Transfer
.  Notwithstanding anything set forth in the 
Franchise Agreement
 
to 
the contrary, you understand and acknowledge that
:  (i) you may not lease or sublease commercial 
space in your 
Restaurant
, or enter into concession arrangements for operations in connection with 
your 
Restaurant
; 
(ii)
 
any Restricted Area granted by Franchisor shall not apply to Franchisee with 
respect to the Restaurant Brand or its Restaurant; (iii) 
you may not enter into a Change of 
Ownership Transfer for your 
Restaurant 
unless you are 
also
 
transferring your Hotel in the same 
transaction
;
 
(iv)
 
any Change of Ownership Transfer for your Hotel must also include a transfer of 
your Restaurant in the same transaction, unless we approve a termination of this 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment; and (v) if you enter into a Change of Ownership Transfer for your Hotel, we have the 
right to terminate this 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and have no obligation to grant a license to 
your Transferee to use the Restaurant Brand in the operation of a restaurant and/or bar located at 
the Hotel Site
.  Further, 
in any transaction
 
referred to in clause
s
 
(ii
i
) 
or (iv) 
above
, the Transferee 
for your Hotel and 
the 
Restaurant 
operated as part of your Hotel 
must be the same entity.
  
 
10.
 
Termination
.  You acknowledge and agree
: (i) the expiration or termination of the 
Franchise 
Agreement
 
will terminate all of your rights to 
use the Restaurant Brand
; 
and 
(ii)
 
this 
Restaurant 
Brand 
Amendment can be terminated for any of the grounds set forth in the termination provisions 
of the 
Franchise Agreement
, whether or not the 
Franchise Agreement
 
is also terminated
, following 
which you will have no further right to use the 
Restaurant Brand
 
in connection with the operation of 
a 
restaurant
 
or bar 
at the 
Hotel 
Site
.
 
 
 
 
11.
 
Your Obligations 
on
 
Termination or Expiration
.  
I
n the
 
event of a termination 
or expirat
ion 
with 
respect to your right to 
use the Restaurant Brand
, 
in addition to, and not in lieu of, any of your 
obligations that arise on termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement, 
you 
will
 
immediately
:  
 
(a)
 
cease operating the Restaurant as a Restaurant Brand Restaurant
 
and cease using the 
Restaurant Brand System
;
 
(b)
 
cease using the 
Restaurant Trade Name, the Restaurant Brand Marks, 
and any other 
names, marks, trade dress
,
 
systems, insignia, symbols, and other rights, procedures and 
methods licensed to you under this 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment and any confusingly 
similar names, marks, trade dress, 
systems, 
insignia, symbols, procedures and methods
; 
 
(c)
 
deliver 
all goods and materials containing that portion of the Marks related to the 
Restaurant Brand
 
to us and we will have the sole and exclusive use of any items containing 
those 
M
arks
;
 
(d)
 
make any specified changes to the Hotel and the Hotel Site as we may reasonably require 
for the purpose of de
-
identifying your 
restaurant
 
and/or bar
, which will include removal of 
the signs, custom decorations and promotional materials
 
related to the operation of a 
Restaurant Brand 
food and beverage 
outlet
; 
 
(e)
 
cease representing yourself 
o
r
 
the Hotel 
as then or formerly operating 
a 
food and beverage 
outlet under the
 
Restaurant Brand
 
or affiliated with the Restaurant Brand or the Restaurant 
System
; 
 
(f)
 
return all copies of the 
Restaurant Brand Guidelines 
to us; 
and
 
(g)
 
cancel all assumed name or equivalent registrations relating to your use of the 
Restaurant 
Brand 
name in connection with the operation of 
the Restaurant
 
at the Hotel, and irrevocably 
assign and transfer to us (or to our designees) all of your right, title and interest in any 
domain name listings and registrations that contain any reference to the 
Restaurant Brand 

 
7
 
 
BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID 
 
RESTAURANT BRAND AMENDMENT
 
name, all to the same extent as would be required under Sub
sections
 
[
13
.6.6
]
 
and 
[
13
.6.7
]
 
of the 
Franchise Agreement
 
on
 
termination of that 
agreement
.  
 
12.
 
Representations and Warranties
.  
S
ubs
ection
 
[
16
.11.1
]
 
of the 
Franchise Agreement
 
is deleted in 
its entirety and replaced with the following:  
 
[
16
.11.1
]
 
you have independently investigated the risks of operating 
the H
otel and a 
restaurant 
and/or bar 
under the 
Brand
, including current and potential market conditions 
and competitive factors and risks, and have made an independent evaluation of all such 
matters and reviewed our Franchise Disclosure Document, if applicable.  
 
13.
 
Counterparts
.
 
This 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, and delivered 
by
 
facsimile 
or other electronic 
transmission, each of which 
will 
be 
deemed an original, but all of which together 
will 
constitute one and the same instrument.  
 
14.
 
Authority
. 
Franchisee
 
represents and warrants that the individual signing this 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment on its behalf has the necessary authority and legal capacity to execute this instrument 
and represent 
Franchisee
.  
 
15.
 
Full Force and 
Effect
.  Except as specifically amended 
by this 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment
,
 
the 
terms of
 
the 
Franchise Agreement
 
will remain unmodified
 
in full force and effect.  
In the event of a 
conflict between the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement
 
and 
the terms of 
this
 
Restaurant Brand
 
Amendment, 
the terms of 
this 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment shall control.  
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 
the parties have executed this 
Restaurant Brand 
Amendment 
as indicated below 
to take effect 
as of th
e Effective Date.
 
FRANCHISEE
:
 
 
 
 
 
 
FRANCHISOR
:
 
 
[INSERT 
FRANCHISEE
 
ENTITY], a 
 
 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC
,
 
[INSERT TYPE OF ENTITY]
 
 
 
 
a 
Delaware limited liability company
 
 
 
B
y: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nam
e: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Executed
:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Executed
:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT E 

 1  
   
  BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE DATE 
 
 
U.S. GUARANTY OF FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
Insert Hotel Name 
 
[THE BRACKETED LANGUAGE IS INSERTED FOR A SITE RELATED GUARANTY WITH TENANT -
IN-COMMON (TIC) OWNERSHIP] 
 
THIS U.S. GUARANTY OF FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (ΓÇ£ GuarantyΓÇ¥) is executed as of [Date] 
(ΓÇ£Effective DateΓÇ¥) by __________________________, a ________________________[jointly, severally, 
individually and collectively] (ΓÇ£GuarantorΓÇ¥), in favor of HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company  (ΓÇ£FranchisorΓÇ¥) confirm Franchisor entity , as consideration of and as an 
inducement to Franchisor to execute the franchise agreement with an Effective Date of [Date] (referred to 
in this Guaranty  collectively, along with all applicable amendments, addenda, riders, supplemental 
agreements and assignments , as the ΓÇ£ Franchise AgreementΓÇ¥) between Franchisor and 
______________________________, a ____________________________ (ΓÇ£FranchiseeΓÇ¥).  Capitalized 
terms not otherwise defined in this Guaranty shall have the same meaning as in the Franchise 
Agreement.  Guarantor agrees as follows:  
 
[WHEREAS, Guarantor has represented that it  owns a tenant -in-common interest in the real 
property and improvements comprising (or that will comprise) the Hotel (the ΓÇ£PropertyΓÇ¥);] 
 
1. Guaranty.  Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably [jointly, severally, 
individually and collectively,] guaranties to Franchisor: (a) the full and prompt payment of all sums owed 
by Franchisee to Franchisor and to FranchisorΓÇÖs Affiliates under the Franchise Agreement, any related 
agreements, and otherwi se relating to the Hotel , including, but not limited to, all fees and charges, 
interest, default interest, and other costs and fees (including, without limitation, attorneysΓÇÖ fees in 
connection with enforcement of the Franchise Agreement; and (b) the performance of all other obligations 
of Franchisee arising under the Franchise Agreement and any related agreements  (collectively, the 
ΓÇ£ObligationsΓÇ¥).  On default by Franchisee and notice from Franchisor to Guarantor, Guarantor will 
immediately make payment in full of all past due amounts owing to Franchisor or FranchisorΓÇÖs Affiliates, 
and perform each Obligation of Franchisee.   
 
2. Waivers of Certain Rights and Defenses.   Each Guarantor waives : (a) any right 
Guarantor may have to require that an action be brought against Franchisee or any other person as a 
condition of GuarantorΓÇÖs liability  under this Guaranty ; (b) all rights to payments and claims for 
reimbursement or subrogation which any of the undersigned may have against Franchisee arising as a 
result of GuarantorΓÇÖs execution of and performance under this Guaranty; (c) any law or statute which 
requires that Franchisor or its Affiliates make demand on, assert claims against or collect from Franchisee 
or any others, foreclose any security interest, sell collateral, exhaust any remedies or take any other 
action against Franchisee or any others before making any demand on, collecting from or taking any 
action against Guarantor under or with respect to this Guaranty; and (d) any and all other notices and 
legal or equitable defenses to which Guarantor may be entitled. 
 
4. Information Requests.  Guarantor must deliver to Franchisor: (a) complete and current 
financial information about Guarantor as Franchisor may reasonably request ; and ( b) any other 
information about Guarantor that Franchisor reasonably requests.   
5. Additional Provisions. 
(a) Each Guarantor jointly and severally holds harmless, and agrees to defend, 
protect, and indemnify Franchisor from any actions, causes of action, liabilities, damages, losses, and 
fees (including attorneysΓÇÖ fees) and all other claims of every nature which may arise as a result of any 
dispute between or among any of Guarantors and any other persons or entities. 
 

 2  
   
  BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE DATE 
[INSERT FOR TIC AND DELETE THE ABOVE 5(a)  - Guarantor, jointly, severally, 
individually and collectively, agrees to defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless, Franchisor from any 
actions, causes of action, liabilities, damages, losses, and fees (including attorneysΓÇÖ fees) and all other 
claims of every nature which may arise as a result of any dispute between or among any of Guarantors 
and any other persons or entities.] 
 
(b) Franchisor may assign this Guaranty without in any way affecting GuarantorΓÇÖs 
liability.  This Guaranty will inure to the benefit of Franchisor and its Affiliates and their successors and 
assigns and will bind Guarantor and GuarantorΓÇÖs heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and 
assigns. 
 
(c) Notices must be in writing and must be delivered in person, by prepaid overnight 
commercial delivery service, or by prepaid United States Mail, overnight, registered or certified, with 
return-receipt requested, to the following addresses: 
 
If to Franchisor: Hilton Franchise Holding, LLC  
Attention:  General Counsel 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100 
McLean, VA  22102 
 
If to Guarantor: INSERT Name and Address 
 
If Guarantor wants to change the notice address set forth above, Guarantor shall notify Franchisor in 
writing in accordance with the delivery procedure set forth in this Subsection [4]5(c).  A Notice will be 
deemed effective on the earlier of: (i) receipt or first refusal of delivery; (ii) one (1) day after posting if sent 
by overnight commercial delivery service or overnight United States Mail; or (iii) three (3) days after 
placement in the United States Mail if overnight delivery is not available to the Notice address.  
 
(d) Guarantor represents, warrants and covenants  to Franchisor that Guarantor, 
including its directors, officers, senior management, shareholders and other persons having a controlling 
interest in Guarantor: (i) is not, and, to your actual or constructive knowledge,  is not owned or controlled 
by, or acting on behalf of , Sanctioned Persons or, to GuarantorΓÇÖs actual knowledge, otherwise the target 
of Trade Restrictions; (ii)  have not and will not obtain, receive, transfer or provide any funds, property, 
debt, equity or other financing related to the Franchise Agreement and the Hotel or Hotel Site to/from any 
entity that qualifies as a Sanctioned Person or, to your actual or constructive knowledge, is otherwise the 
target of any applicable Trade RestrictionsΓÇÖ (iii)  Guarantor is familiar with the provisions of applicable Anti -
Corruption Laws and shall comply with applicable Anti -Corruption Laws in performance of its obligations 
under or in connection with this Guaranty and the Franchise Agreement  and any related agreements ; 
(iv) any funds received or paid in connection with entry into or performance of this Guaranty have not 
been and will not be derived from or commingled with the proceeds of any activities that are proscribed 
and punishable under the  criminal laws of the United States, and that Guarantor is not engaging in this 
transaction in furtherance of a criminal act, including acts in violation of applicable Anti -Corruption Laws; 
(v) in preparation for and in entering into this Guaranty, Guarantor has not made any Improper Payment 
or engaged in any acts or transactions otherwise in violation of any applicable Anti -Corruption Laws, and, 
in connection with this Guaranty or the performance of GuarantorΓÇÖs obligations under this Guaranty, you 
will not directly or indirectly make, offer to make, or authorize any Improper Payment or engage in any 
acts or transactions otherwise in violation of any applicable Anti -Corruption Laws; (vi) except as otherwise 
disclosed in writing to Franchisor, neither Guarantor, nor , to your actual or constructive knowledge,  any of 
its direct or indirect shareholders (including legal or beneficial shareholders), officers, directors, 
employees, agents or other persons designated by you to act on your own behalf or receive any benefit 
under this Guaranty, is a Government Official; (vii)  any statements, oral, written, electronic or otherwise, 
that Guarantor submits to Franchisor , Franchisor Affiliate, or any  third party in connection with the 
representations, warranties, and covenants  described in this Subsection  are truthful and accurate and do 
not contain any materially false or inaccurate statements; (viii)  Guarantor will make reasonable efforts to 
assure that its respective appointed agents in relation to this Guaranty comply in all material respects with 
the representations, warranties, and covenants described in this Subsection; and (ix)  will notify Franchisor 

 3  
   
  BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE DATE 
in writing immediately on it actual or constructive knowledge, the occurrence of any event which would 
render the foregoing representations and warranties of this Subsection incorrect.   
 
(e) Each Guarantor warrants and represents to Franchisor that Guarantor has the 
requisite power to execute, deliver and perform the terms and provision of this Guaranty, and that this 
Guaranty is a valid, binding and legally enforceable obligation of each Guarantor in accordance with its 
terms. 
 
(f) If there is more than one Guarantor named in this Guaranty, any reference to 
Guarantor will mean any one or all Guarantors.  Each Guarantor agrees that all obligations of each 
Guarantor are joint and several.   
 
[INSERT NEW PARAGRAPH (g)  FOR TIC  AND UPDATE LETTER ING BELOW: (g) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 12.0 of the Franchise Agreement, 
Guarantor may not transfer its tenant -in-common interest in the Property without prior written notice by 
Franchisee to Franchisor, and prior written consent of Franchisor to Franchisee, subject to and in 
accordance with the applicable Transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement.]  
 
(g) No failure or delay on FranchisorΓÇÖs part in exercising any power or privilege under 
this Guaranty will impair any such power, right or privilege or be construed as a waiver of its rights under 
this Guaranty.  
 
(h) If any provision of this Guaranty is determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be unenforceable, all of the other provisions will remain effective.   
 
(i) This Guaranty embodies the entire agreement between Franchisor and 
Guarantor with respect to the matters set forth in this Guaranty and supersedes all prior agreements with 
respect to the matters set forth in this Guaranty.   
 
6. Governing Law.  Except to the extent governed by the United States Trademark Act of 
1946 (Lanham Act; 15  U.S.C. ┬╢ 1050 et seq .), as amended, t his Guaranty and any and all disputes 
relating to this Guaranty will be governed by the laws of the State of New Yor k without recourse to New 
York choice of law or conflicts of law principles; provided, however, that nothing in this Section is intended 
to invoke the application of any franchise, business opportunity, antitrust, ΓÇ£implied covenant,ΓÇ¥ unfair 
competition, fiduciary or any other doctrine of law of the State of New York or any other state that would 
not otherwise apply absent this Section [5 or 6].   
 
7. Jurisdiction and Venue.  The parties agree that any action related to this Guaranty shall 
be brought in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, in Alexandria, Virginia or , if that 
court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, then in a court of competent jurisdiction whose jurisdiction includes 
either Fairfax County, Virginia or New York, New York , or in the county or state where the Hotel is 
located.  Guarantor consents to personal jurisdiction and venue in each of these jurisdictions and waive s 
and agrees not to assert, move or otherwise  claim that the venue in any of these jurisdictions is for any 
reason improper, inconvenient, prejudicial or otherwise inappropriate.   
 
8. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.   GUARANTOR HEREBY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL 
BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS GUARANTY.   
 
[INSERT THIS CLAUSE FOR EACH SITE-RELATED GUARANTY (TIC OR OTHERWISE):] 
 
9. [Possible Termination of Guaranty.   Franchisor will offer Guarantor its then -current 
standard form termination of guaranty agreement releasing Guarantor from future Obligations under this 
Guaranty if the following conditions are met:  (a)  Franchisor receives a copy of the deed evidencing that 
Franchisee owns fee simple title to the real property on which the Hotel is or will be sited or a copy of a 
ground lease to which Franchisee is a party with an unrelated third -party ground lessor for a term at least 
equal to the term of the Franchise Agreement; (b)  Guarantor sends a written request to Franchisor to 

 4  
   
  BRAND STATE CITY QUALIFIER FACILITY ID TYPE DATE 
terminate the Guaranty; and (c) at the time of GuarantorΓÇÖs request, Franchisee is in good standing under 
the Franchise Agreement and has not been in default under the Franchise Agreement at any time during 
the twenty-four (24) month period before GuarantorΓÇÖs request.]  
 
GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT  GUARANTOR WAS AFFORDED THE OPPORTUNITY 
TO READ THIS GUARANTY AND TO REVIEW IT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF GUARANTORΓÇÖS CHOICE 
BEFORE SIGNING. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, [each] Guarantor has executed this Guaranty as of the Effective Date. 
 
GUARANTOR: 
 
 
 
By:        
 
Name:        
 
Title:        

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT F 

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
 
 
This application is to be completed online via the Hilton Application Tracker (HAT) internet portal.  The online 
version may appear in a different format.  As an alternative, we may provide a paper application.  We may update 
or modify this application at any time. 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE APPLICATION 
 
This franchise application (ΓÇ£ApplicationΓÇ¥) includes the following: 
ΓÇó Instructions for Submitting an Application 
ΓÇó Part 1 - Application Checklist 
ΓÇó Part 2 - Application Letter 
ΓÇó Part 3 - Application Form 
Instructions for Submitting an Application: 
 
1. Have a required signer for the Applicant access the current Franchise Disclosure Document (ΓÇ£Disclosure 
DocumentΓÇ¥) for the applicable brand through the E-Disclosure procedure and complete the procedure by 
clicking ΓÇ£SubmitΓÇ¥ on the Electronic Receipt page. If Applicant received a paper version of the Disclosure 
Document, have a required signer for the Applicant sign and date the ΓÇ£ReceiptΓÇ¥ page at the end of the 
Disclosure Document and return it immediately by mail to your development representative. 
 
2. All information must be legible and in English. Please type or print the information. For your 
convenience, the Application may be filled out electronically, saved and printed. 
 
3. Attach supporting documents/information indicated in the Application Checklist. If the Application is 
not completed and/or supporting documentation is not attached, you must include an explanation of why 
the Application is not completed or the supporting documentation is not attached. 
 
4. Applicant must be a natural person or an existing legal entity. You must provide a complete 
organizational chart up to the ultimate owning entity/entities and the ultimate individual owners of the 
Applicant. 
 
5. Applicant must pay the franchise application fee (ΓÇ£ Franchise Application Fee ΓÇ¥) by check or wire 
transfer when the Application is submitted or promptly after expiration of the waiting period specified 
below.  Please confirm the amount of your franchise application fee with your Developer. 
 
NOTE: APPLICANT SHOULD NOT SUBMIT PAYMENT OF THE FRANCHISE APPLICATION 
FEE UNTIL AT LEAST THE DAY AFTER THE 14TH FULL CALENDAR DAY FOLLOWING THE 
DATE APPLICANT RECEIVED THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT IN PAPER FORM OR 
THROUGH THE E-DISCLOSURE PROCEDURE. 
 
NOTE: Applicant must also pay the applicable Property Improvement Plan (ΓÇ£PIPΓÇ¥) fee if the Application 
is for a Conversion, Relicensing, or Change of Ownership. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
 
 
Required Signatures: 
 
The Application Letter must be signed and dated by the Applicant, or on behalf of the Applicant, by a 
person or persons with the capacity and authority to do so. The signatures required for valid execution of 
the Application Letter may vary depending on the laws under which the Applicant is established or resident. 
These laws must be complied with. Our minimum requirements for signatures are as follows: 
 
Applicant Signers 
Individual(s) Each Individual 
Corporate Entity President, Vice President or other authorized officer 
General Partnership Each General Partner 
Limited Partnership Any General Partner 
Limited Liability Company Managing Member(s) or other authorized Member(s) 
Trust Trustee(s) 
Estate 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Executor or Administrator 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
 
Part 1: Application Checklist 
 
The following items must be included for the Application to be complete. We reserve the right to request 
additional information as we consider appropriate: 
 
 
Disclosure Document Receipt signed and dated or submitted electronically by Applicant (see page 1), if applicable. 
Application Letter signed and dated by Applicant, with completed Application pages. 
Franchise Application Fee dated and/or received no earlier than the day after the 14th full calendar day after the date 
the Applicant received the Disclosure Document. Example: If you receive the Disclosure Document on January 1 st, then 
the earliest you may pay the Franchise Application Fee will be 15 days after that date, on January 16 th. 
 
A certification of formation or similar document evidencing the Applicant EntityΓÇÖs status in the jurisdiction of formation. 
Complete Ownership Structure Form for Applicant and its underlying ownership entities.  
Complete Ownership Structure Form for fee title holder or lessor/sublessor of Hotel/Hotel Site if related to Applicant. 
Market or feasibility study, if available, or on request. 
Site Control Document and all amendments (e.g., recorded deed, recorded ground lease, recorded purchase option, 
binding letter of intent, binding purchase agreement) in the name of Applicant or its affiliate.  
 
Site Plan, Aerial and Location Map with site identified (consult your Developer for site plan requirements). 
List of hotels owned or managed by Applicant. 
CONVERSION PROJECTS - In addition to the above, include the following items: 
Conversion Indemnity Letter (if applicable) 
3 YearsΓÇÖ Hotel Operating Statistics (Summary Statement) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
Part 2: Application Letter 
 
Name of Applicant: 
 
(ΓÇ£ApplicantΓÇ¥) 
 
 
Location: (ΓÇ£LocationΓÇ¥) 
 
Brand (check one): 
  
 Apartment Collection by Hilton  Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton  Outset Collection by Hilton 
 Canopy by Hilton  Hilton  Signia by Hilton 
 Conrad  Hilton Garden Inn  Spark by Hilton 
 Curio Collection by Hilton  Home2 Suites by Hilton  Tapestry Collection by Hilton 
 DoubleTree by Hilton  Homewood Suites by Hilton  Tempo by Hilton 
 DoubleTree Suites by Hilton  LivSmart Studios by Hilton  Tru by Hilton 
 Embassy Suites  LXR  Undergraduate by Hilton 
 Graduate by Hilton  Motto by Hilton 
PRoje 
 Waldorf Astoria 
 Hampton Inn by Hilton     
 
This franchise application letter (ΓÇ£ Application LetterΓÇ¥) is provided to Hilton Franchise Holding LLC 
(ΓÇ£FranchisorΓÇ¥), a subsidiary of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (ΓÇ£ Hilton WorldwideΓÇ¥), authorized to 
consider and process an application for a franchise to operate a hotel under the Brand at the Location in the 
United States (ΓÇ£ HotelΓÇ¥). The present or future subsidiaries and affiliates of Hilton Worldwide are 
collectively referred to as ΓÇ£entitiesΓÇ¥ (ΓÇ£ EntitiesΓÇ¥). Applicant understands that Franchisor is relying on the 
information provided in this application and all documents submitted by Applicant and co-owners and their 
agents, advisers and representatives in connection with or in support of the application, including, but not 
limited to, this Application Letter (together, the ΓÇ£ApplicationΓÇ¥). Applicant agrees to supply such additional 
information, statements or data as may be requested by Franchisor. Applicant represents, warrants, and 
undertakes to Franchisor and the Entities, that: 
 
1. All information contained in the Application is true, correct and complete as of the date of this 
Application Letter. Applicant will promptly inform Franchisor of any change in any of the information 
provided in the Application. 
 
2. Both Applicant and the undersigned have the authority to make the Application and to enter into a 
franchise agreement (ΓÇ£Franchise AgreementΓÇ¥) for the proposed Hotel at the Location. Neither the making 
of this Application nor the execution of a Franchise Agreement will conflict with nor put Applicant in 
breach of the terms of any agreements to which Applicant, its affiliates or the undersigned are a party or by 
which Applicant or its affiliates are bound. Neither Applicant nor its affiliates have been induced by Hilton 
Worldwide to terminate or breach any agreement with respect to the Location. 
 
3. Certain information concerning FranchisorΓÇÖs system for the Brand, including the Disclosure 
Document (if required under applicable law), the manual and the Franchise Agreement (together, the 
ΓÇ£Franchise InformationΓÇ¥), has been made available to Applicant. Applicant is generally familiar with the 
Franchise Information and its requirements and is applying for the form of Franchise Agreement provided. 
Applicant undertakes to treat the manual which it may receive from Franchisor as confidential. Applicant 
acknowledges and agrees that the Franchise Information is the property of Hilton Worldwide and/or the 
Entities, and that Applicant obtains no right, title or interest in or to any of the Franchise Information. 
Applicant agrees not to use the Franchise Information  unless and until a Franchise Agreement is entered 
into and then in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
4. Applicant acknowledges that Hilton Worldwide and the Entities do not enter into oral agreements 
or understandings with respect to the Franchise Agreement, and as that of the date of this Application Letter 
there are no oral agreements or understandings between Applicant and Hilton Worldwide or the Entities 
with respect to the proposed Franchise Agreement. 
  

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
 
5. Applicant acknowledges that the Franchise Application Fee must be enclosed with the Application 
if the mandatory waiting period specified in Paragraph 5 of the Instructions has expired, or must be paid 
promptly after expiration of the mandatory waiting period. If the Application is not approved or if Applicant 
withdraws the Application before it is approved, the Franchise Application Fee will be fully refunded, 
without interest, less $7,500 for time and expenses incurred by Franchisor in processing the Application. 
If the Application is approved, the Franchise Application Fee will not be returned or refunded under any 
circumstances (even if approval is conditioned on Applicant providing additional information). For a 
Change of Ownership Application, if Franchisor app roves the Application, and the approved change of 
ownership does not occur, then Franchisor will refund the Franchise Application Fee without interest, less 
$7,500. Franchisor reserves the sole right to approve or disapprove the Application for any reason. If the 
Application is approved, Applicant must provide any additional information requested, meet any additional 
requirements and sign the Franchise Agreement within the time period Franchisor specifies, and all other 
ancillary documents within the time period designated by Franchisor, failing which Franchisor may 
terminate the proposed hotel project and r etain the Franchise Application Fee. The Franchise Application 
Fee may be invested, combined with other funds or otherwise used as Hilton Worldwide deems appropriate. 
 
6. Applicant authorizes credit agencies/bureaus, financial institutions, companies and individuals to 
disclose to Hilton Worldwide any and all information for the purpose of Hilton Worldwide and the Entities 
completing any necessary credit and/or background investigations in connection with this Application and 
execution of any Franchise Agreement. 
 
7. Applicant, jointly and severally if applicable, agrees to indemnify and defend Hilton Worldwide 
and the Entities and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, and assignees 
(collectively, the ΓÇ£Hilton Worldwide IndemniteesΓÇ¥) against, and to hold them harmless from, all losses in 
connection with the Application and the Location, including breach of any representations, warranties or 
undertakings contained herein and all claims, demands, suits, causes of action, liabilities, los ses or 
otherwise, directly or indirectly incurred (including legal and accounting fees and expenses), and including 
claims as a result of Franchisor processing the Application and/or approving a Franchise Agreement. Each 
Hilton Worldwide Indemnitee shall have the right independently to take any action it may deem necessary 
in its sole discretion to protect and  defend itself against any threatened action subject to ApplicantΓÇÖs 
indemnification, without regard to the expense, forum or other parties that may be involved. Each Hilton 
Worldwide Indemnitee shall have sole and exclusive control over the defense of any such action (including 
the right to be represented by counsel of its choosing) and over the settlement, compromise or other 
disposition thereof. Hilton Worldwide may rely on any information, statement or notice from the Applicant 
pertaining to the Location or Franchise Agreement without having to investigate or ascertain the accuracy 
of any fact or allegation in the information, statement or notice. 
 
8. This Application Letter may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original. 
This Application Letter must be signed by an authorized signatory for the Applicant (see Guidelines for 
Submitting a Franchise Application for required signatories). 
 
9. This Application shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the 
State of New York, without regard to its choice of law principles. 
 
 
Signature:  Date:  
IndividualΓÇÖs 
Name:    
Entity Name, 
if any:  Position:  

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
Part 3: Application Form 
HILTON FRANCHISE APPLICATION 
 
APPLICANT 
 
NAME OF APPLICANT (entity name may not include any  
of our marks or any variations/initials): 
State in which ApplicantΓÇÖs principal business address (or if 
Applicant is an individual, permanent residence) is located: 
Type: [  ] Corporation [  ] Limited Partnership [  ] General Partnership [  ] Limited Liability Company  
 [  ] Individual [  ] Trust [  ] Other (specify) [  ] Limited Liability Partnership  
Birth or 
Formation 
Information: 
Date: 
(Month/Day/Year)  
  / /  
State/Province, Country: 
 
   
U.S. Social Security Number (last 4 digits only)/EIN/ 
Canada SIN/Government Identification Number: 
   
 
 
FOR LEGAL NOTICES*
PRINCIPAL CORRESPONDENT 
 
Name:   
Street Address:  
City  
State/Province  
Zip/Postal Code  
Telephone #:  
Fax #:  
Email:  
 *Note: This is your official contact information for our records. Do not include your attorney or advisors here.    
Your address may not be the Hotel or a P.O. Box. 
 
 
MANAGEMENT INFORMATION 
 
THE PROPOSED HOTEL WILL BE MANAGED BY: 
 
[ ] A General Manager who will be employed by the Applicant 
The General Manager will be:      
[ ] A Management Group under a Management Agreement with the Applicant 
Company Name and Contact:      
Address:      
Telephone:   Fax: Email:  
 
Approval of this Application does not mean that your proposed management is approved.  
You must obtain FranchisorΓÇÖs separate written approval of the proposed management of the Hotel.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
 
 
LIST ALL HOTELS OWNED AND/OR OPERATED BY APPLICANT  
AND ITS EQUITY OWNERS 
(Attach additional pages if necessary) 
 
 
Owner/Operator Name Brand/Property Name, City/State Description of Interest % Equity 
  
 
  
    
    
    
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE OF APPLICANT ENTITY 
 
INSTRUCTIONS: Please provide a complete breakdown of the owners of the Applicant Entity and any related 
entity that holds/will hold fee title to the Hotel. For complex structures, please attach a detailed organizational 
chart (see next page). If these owners are other legal entities, please include a breakdown of their underlying 
ownership. That means you should provide the name and description/percentage of ownership interest of all 
individuals who own and/or control these entities. Copy this form as needed to provide multiple structures. 
 
Example: 
Entity/PersonΓÇÖs Name SSN (last 4 
digits), EIN, 
Canada SIN 
or GovΓÇÖt ID# 
Description 
of Interest 
% 
Interest 
Business Address & 
Telephone 
XYZ Corp. 
- John Doe, President 50% 
- Jane Doe, Shareholder 50% 
12-3456789 
1234 
5678 
General 
Partner 
1% XYZ Corp. Address/Phone 
John Doe Address/Phone 
Jane Doe Address/Phone 
ABC, L.L.C. 
- BDC, Inc., its managing member 25% 
- Bill Davis, President 100% 
 
- Bill Davis Family Trust, member 25% 
- Bill Davis, Trustee 
- Bill Davis, Jr., Beneficiary 100% 
 
- Bill Davis, member 50% 
23-4567891 
34-5678912 
9012 
 
45-6789123 
2345 
6789 
same as above 
Limited 
Partner 
99% ABC, L.L.C. Address/Phone 
BDC, Inc. Address/Phone 
 
 
Trust Contact Address/Phone 
 
 
Bill Davis Address/Phone 
 
ENTITY NAME:    
 
OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE 
(provide additional pages if necessary) 
 
Entity/PersonΓÇÖs Name SSN (last 4 
digits), EIN, 
Canada SIN 
or GovΓÇÖt ID# 
Description 
of Interest 
% 
Interest 
Business Address & 
Telephone 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
 
 
ORGANIZATIONAL CHART 
 
INSTRUCTIONS: Please attach a full organizational chart for the Applicant entity (and ApplicantΓÇÖs 
affiliate that will lease or sublease  the Hotel or the Hotel Site to Applicant, if applicable) showing all direct 
and indirect equity owners up to the ultimate individual owners (but excluding public shareholders or 
passive investors in an institutional investment fund). For each equity owner, please describe the type of 
interest held in the entity (e.g., shareholder, general partner, limited partner, manager, member, trustee, etc.) 
and show the percentage of ownership of each equity owner. 
 
For example: 
 
 
Ultimate Owner A 
(x% ownership interest) 
Ultimate Owner B 
(x% ownership interest) 
Ultimate Owner C 
(x% ownership interest) 
 
   
 
Entity A 
(x% shareholder) 
Entity B 
(x% shareholder) 
Entity C 
(x% shareholder) 
 
 
  
 
Applicant 

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
 
HOTEL/SITE/SITE CONTROL INFORMATION 
 
Location of Hotel/Hotel site: 
 
Street Address/Coordinates:  
City, State/Province:  
Zip/Postal Code:  
Country:  
 
Brand: 
 Apartment Collection by Hilton  Hampton Inn & Suites by Hilton  Outset Collection by Hilton 
 Canopy by Hilton  Hilton  Signia by Hilton 
 Conrad  Hilton Garden Inn  Spark by Hilton 
 Curio Collection by Hilton  Home2 Suites by Hilton  Tapestry Collection by Hilton 
 DoubleTree by Hilton  Homewood Suites by Hilton  Tempo by Hilton 
 DoubleTree Suites by Hilton  LivSmart Studios by Hilton  Tru by Hilton 
 Embassy Suites  LXR  Undergraduate by Hilton 
 Graduate by Hilton  Motto by Hilton 
PRoje 
 Waldorf Astoria 
 Hampton Inn by Hilton     
 
Development Type: 
 
 New Development*  Conversion  Change of Ownership  Relicensing 
(*new build/adaptive reuse) 
 
Hotel Affiliation (for New Development/Conversion applications only): 
Has there ever been a franchise, branded management, affiliation, or similar agreement pertaining to the 
proposed hotel or site? 
 No  Yes/Describe:           
Is the hotel currently under contract with another hotel chain? 
 No  Yes/Specify hotel chain:          
 
Hotel Facilities (existing and/or proposed): 
 
Total Guest Units:  # of Standard Rooms:  # of Suites:  # of Stories:  
Year Built (open hotel) Meeting Space?  No  Yes: sq. ft # of Mtg Rms: 
Ballroom?  No  Yes/Description/square footage: 
Fitness Center?  No  Yes/Description: 
Spa?  No  Yes/Description: 
Swimming Pool?  Hot Tub/Jacuzzi?   
 
Food & Beverage Facilities (outlets, capacity, meals served, operated/leased, current/planned brand names): 
 
 
Other Retail Outlets (type, operated/ leased, current/planned brand names): 
 
Other Amenities (specify): 
 
Shared Facilities?  No  Yes/Description: 
Condo Residences?  No  Yes/(#): 
Hotel Rental Program?  No  Yes/Description: 

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
Hotel Site /Building Information: 
 
Total sq footage of site:      Zoned for hotel development?  No  Yes 
Max height allowed by zoning: Ft. Stories         
  Site/Development Restrictions?  No  Yes/Describe:            
 
Please describe ApplicantΓÇÖs current form of site control for the Hotel or Hotel Site: 
 Owned by Applicant (attach copy of recorded deed) 
 Ground lease (attach copy of recorded ground lease) Expiration Date:   
 Binding option agreement (attach copy of recorded agreement) Exercise Deadline:   
 Binding purchase agreement (attach copy of executed agreement) Closing Deadline:   
 Other/Describe:                  
 
If Hotel or Hotel Site is currently owned by someone else other than Applicant, please indicate: 
 
Hotel/Hotel Site owner name:  
Street Address:  
State/Province:  
Zip/Postal Code:  
Country:  
Telephone:  
Fax:  
Email:  
Related to Applicant?  No  Yes/Describe: 
 
If Hotel or Hotel Site will, upon close of purchase, be owned by someone other than Applicant, please 
indicate: 
 
Fee owner/Lessor name:  
Street Address:  
City, State/Province:  
Zip/Postal Code:  
Country:  
Telephone:  
Fax:  
Email:  
Related to Applicant?  No  Yes/Describe and provide ownership structure of fee owner. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2026 U.S. (including DC and Territories) Franchise Application 
 
 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION/PROJECT TIMELINE 
 
Estimated Project Costs - New Development Project: 
 
Costs  Overall  Per Key 
Land: US$ US$ 
Construction: US$ US$ 
FF&E: US$ US$ 
Other: US$ US$ 
Total Project Costs: US$ US$ 
 
Estimated Project Costs ΓÇô Conversion or Change of Ownership (existing hotel): 
 
Costs  Aggregate  Per Key 
Purchase Price/Current Market Value: US$ US$ 
Renovations/Upgrades: US$ US$ 
Other: US$ US$ 
Total Project Costs: US$ US$ 
 
Estimated Project Timeline: 
Forecasted Construction/Renovation Start Date:  
Forecasted Construction/Renovation Completion Date:  
 
Operating Projections: 
Assumptions Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 
% Occupancy      
Avg Daily Rate (US$)      
 
Financing/Refinancing Information: 
 
Do you have a loan or loan commitment for this project?  No  Yes (continue) 
Name of Lender(s):  
Loan Amount:  Percentage Equity:  
Description:  
 
 New?  Existing?          
Is the loan (or will the loan be) cross-collateralized by other hotels/real estate assets or cross-defaulted to 
any other loan(s)? 
 No  Yes/Describe:            
 
Deadlines associated with Project or Application: 
Are there any critical deadlines we should know about in processing your application, such as purchase 
closings or financing commitment deadlines? 
 No  Yes/Describe:           
 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT G 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)  Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
1 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM AGREEMENT 
THIS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM AGREEMENT (ΓÇ£AgreementΓÇ¥) is entered into as of %HotelApprovedDate% (the ΓÇ£Effective 
DateΓÇ¥) by and between Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC (ΓÇ£ HSSΓÇ¥) and %LegalEntity% (ΓÇ£CustomerΓÇ¥), each of which is a ΓÇ£ PartyΓÇ¥ and both of 
which are, collectively, the ΓÇ£PartiesΓÇ¥. This Agreement includes all of its attachments, exhibits, schedules and Order Documents as well as 
all other documents expressly incorporated into it by reference.  
RECITALS 
Customer is a party to a management agreement and/or franchise agreement with an affiliate of HSS for the %BrandCodeDesc% hot el 
located at %PropertyAddressLine%, (the ΓÇ£HotelΓÇ¥). Customer is entering into this Agreement in order to obtain and use certain information 
technology (ΓÇ£ITΓÇ¥) products, services and systems for and at the Hotel.  
ARTICLE 1. 
DEFINITIONS AND ORDER DOCUMENTS 
1.1 Use of Relationship Agreement . The provisions of this Agreement will be deemed to include all of the terms, requirements, 
covenants and conditions contained in either (i) the CustomerΓÇÖs Franchise Agreement; or (ii) the CustomerΓÇÖs Management Agreem ent, 
(the ΓÇ£Relationship AgreementΓÇ¥), with such modifications as are necessary to make them applicable to this Agreement and the Parties as 
if set out in full in this Agreement. In the event that both a CustomerΓÇÖs Franchise Agreement and CustomerΓÇÖs Management Ag reement 
exist, without prejudice to Article 7 (Precedence and Interpretation) then only the terms, requirements, covenants and conditions contained 
in the CustomerΓÇÖs Franchise Agreement will be deemed to be incorporated into this Agreement. 
1.2 Definitions. Unless otherwise defined in the body of this Agreement or in Annex 1 ΓÇô Definitions, all of the defined words and 
expressions used in this Agreement have the meanings set out in the Relationship Agreement. 
1.3 Ordering Software, Services and Authorized Equipment .  Customer may order Software, Services and Authorized Equipment 
by submitting an HSS -approved form of order document (ΓÇ£ Order DocumentΓÇ¥) to HSS.  Once accepted by HSS the Order Document 
becomes part of this Agreement.  
ARTICLE 2. 
SOFTWARE, FEES AND MASTER AGREEMENTS 
2.1 License to Software.  HSS licenses to Customer the Proprietary Software and sublicenses to Customer the Certified Third Party 
Software set forth in the Order Document on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.   
2.1.1 Customer may be required to execute a separate license agreement directly with one or more third party software 
providers in connection with Certified Third Party Software not licensed from HSS and such Certified Third Party Software wil l 
be licensed on the terms and conditions set out in such separate license agreement. 
2.1.2 The Proprietary Software and Certified Third Party Software for which there is no separate license agreement are 
licensed or sublicensed to Customer under this Agreement on the following terms and conditions: 
2.1.1   
a)  The license is personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable. 
(a) T
b) The Software may be used by Customer solely on the Authorized Equipment and solely for the operation of the 
Hotel.   
(b) E
c) Except for a single copy of Certified Third Party Software which may be maintained by Customer for archival 
back-up purposes, Customer will not reproduce or reuse, in whole or in part, any Software, documentation or materials 
comprising any portion of the Information System in any manner (whether directly or in creating a new use or otherwise) 
without the prior written consent of HSS. Customer will not cause or permit any reverse engineering, disassembly or 
de-compilation of any of the Software or any review of Software data structures. 
(c) C
d) Customer will accept all patches, bug fixes, updates, version upgrades, maintenance and service packs 
(collectively, ΓÇ£PatchesΓÇ¥) from HSS or the relevant Preferred Provider that are deemed necessary by HSS for the proper 
function and security of the Software.  HSS is not responsible for performance or security issues that result from 
CustomerΓÇÖs failure to accept the application of Patches.   
(d) C
e) Customer recognizes the confidential and proprietary nature of the Software and agrees to maintain the Software 
in confidence in accordance with Article 6 (Confidentiality) .  Customer will not permit the Software and related 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)  Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
2 
documentation to be used or accessed by anyone other than CustomerΓÇÖs employees or contractors pursuant to Section 
2.1.2 (b) who are bound by obligations of confidentiality no less stringent than those set forth herein.   
2.1.2   
2.1.3 Customer will not remove or obscure any copyright, trademark, other mark or confidentiality notices affixed to any 
Software and will not modify it or combine it with or into any other program, data or device. 
(a)   
2.1.4 No legal or equitable title to or ownership of any of the Software or any proprietary rights therein are transferred to 
Customer under this Agreement other than the limited software license specified herein. 
2.1.5  Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Software is owned by HSS, HSSΓÇÖ Affiliates and/or their respective 
licensors and that everything in the Software, including all intellectual property, is proprietary to HSS, HSSΓÇÖs Affiliates a nd/or 
their licensors, respectively. Customer also acknowledges and agrees that HSS may, at its discretion, make changes in, and 
substitutions of, the Software. Any new or additional Software made available to Customer by HSS is licensed to Customer 
under the terms of this Agreement. 
2.2 Fees and Payment.  All Fees are subject to change by HSS and/or the relevant third party as applicable.  Customer will make 
all payments under or required by this Agreement in United States Dollars and within thirty (30) days of receipt of the invoice therefore. 
2.3 Master Agreements with Third Parties.  HSS or its designee may, without warranty or representation of any kind, negotiate with 
any third-party vendor a master services, software or equipment purchase or lease agreement (collectively, the ΓÇ£ Master AgreementsΓÇ¥) 
and permit Customer to purchase or lease Authorized Equipment, license software and purchase services from those third-party vendors 
(each a ΓÇ£Preferred ProviderΓÇ¥) pursuant to the terms of the applicable Master Agreements.  The Preferred Providers may require Customer 
to execute a joinder or participation agreement for the applicable Master Agreement, in substantially the forms contained in schedules to 
the relevant Order Document (collectively, the ΓÇ£ Joinder AgreementsΓÇ¥).  Customer will be bound by the terms of that Master Agreement 
as specified in the relevant Joinder Agreement(s) and will be directly and solely responsible for CustomerΓÇÖs compliance with and 
performance under the Joinder Agreement. 
2.4 Customer Cooperation. Customer will provide HSS and its Affiliates and its and their respective third -party providers with such 
cooperation relating to HSSΓÇÖs performance of its obligations under this Agreement as HSS may reasonably request from time to time. 
Customer agrees t o comply with the Information SystemΓÇÖs regulations, rules and policies as HSS may determine from time to time. 
Customer also agrees to comply with the Brand Standards. 
ARTICLE 3. 
AUDITS 
Customer will maintain records sufficient to permit verification of CustomerΓÇÖs compliance with this Agreement.  Upon forty -five (45) days 
written notice (or such shorter period of time as may be required under any applicable Master Agreement), HSS or its d esignee may 
perform examinations, tests, audits, inspections and reviews of CustomerΓÇÖs compliance with this Agreement, including by using  the 
services of one or more third parties. Customer will cooperate with HSSΓÇÖs audit activities and provide reasonable assistance and access 
to information when requested, including to all of the following:  (a) any part of any facility, including the Hotel, at which any Services and 
products provided pursuant to this Agreement are performed, provided or used; (b) the empl oyees and contractors Customer uses in 
connection with its operation of the Hotel ; and (c) data and records. No such audit will unreasonably interfere with CustomerΓÇÖs normal 
business operations.  Customer agrees that HSS will not be responsible for any of CustomerΓÇÖs costs incurred in cooperating with any 
audit. 
ARTICLE 4. 
TERMINATION 
4.1 4.1  Termination. HSS may terminate this Agreement by written notice to Customer on any of the following grounds: 
(a)   
4.1.1 Customer fails to pay any sums due and payable under this Agreement and fails to cure such failure within the cure 
period set forth in the notice, which will not be less than ten (10) days;  
(b)   
4.1.2 Customer breaches its obligations under Article 6 (Confidentiality);  
(c)   
4.1.3 Customer fails to refresh the Authorized Equipment at the Hotel as required by HSS; and 
(d)   
4.1.4 Customer breaches any other provision of this Agreement and does not cure that breach within the cure period set 
forth in the notice, which will not be less than thirty (30) days.   
This Agreement will automatically terminate upon the termination or expiration of the Relationship Agreement. 
4.2 4.2 CustomerΓÇÖs Obligations upon Termination or Expiration.  Upon any such termination the licenses granted to Customer under this 
Agreement, and the obligations of HSS to provide any Agreement Products and Services will immediately terminate. Customer wil l 
immediately cease using all Agreement Products and Services and promptly at HSSΓÇÖs discretion return any and all Agreement Products 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)  Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
3 
to HSS other than Authorized Equipment Customer owns, or destroy the same; provided, however, that Customer must return to HSS all 
Software contained in such Authorized Equipment.  All of CustomerΓÇÖs covenants and obligations under this Agreement will survi ve 
termination and expiration. 
4.3 4.3  Termination Fees.  Upon termination of this Agreement Customer will pay: (a) all unpaid Fees related to the Agreement Products 
and Services, Software and Authorized Equipment incurred by Customer; (b) all costs to HSS of all the Agreement Products and Services, 
Software and Authorized Equipment that exceeds what the Customer paid for same; (c) all termination, penalty or administrative fees 
that would not be payable but for the termination for cause; (d) all costs related to disabling the Agreement Pro ducts and Services, 
together with related intervention or administration fees; (e) all costs and fees for any Authorized Equipment, Authorized Eq uipment 
maintenance Services, Software, Software maintenance Services, network and other Services HSS and its A ffiliates, in their sole 
discretion, provide to Customer at CustomerΓÇÖs request after the termination effective date; and (f) all termination fees iden tified in the 
CustomerΓÇÖs Order Document.      
4.4 4.4 Suspension of Service.  If Customer fails to comply with the Information System use regulations, rules or policies, or is otherwise 
in default under this Agreement HSS may, in its sole discretion: (a) disable CustomerΓÇÖs access to or use of all or any part of the Information 
System and suspend any part of the Services provided or supported under this Agreement and (b) suspend and withhold performance of 
HSSΓÇÖs obligations under this Agreement. Customer will not be entitled to any compensation, refund or reduction in charges as a result of 
such action.  Customer agrees that any such disabled access and suspension from the Information System will not constitute or result in 
actual or constructive termination or abandonment of this Agreement, or a waiver or r elease of any right to terminate.  HSS may charge 
Customer for the cost relating to such disabling and suspending and, if CustomerΓÇÖs defaults are cured as required, re -enabling such 
access and resuming such obligations, if any, together with related intervention or administration fees. 
4.5 Limitation on Access.  If HSS determines in its sole discretion that it is necessary or advisable in order to protect in any way and 
for any reason the Information System, HSS may bar CustomerΓÇÖs access to the Information System and may temporarily or permanently 
remove any or  all data or other files.  Such reasons include, without limitation, HSS or third party providerΓÇÖs determination that: (a) 
CustomerΓÇÖs network connection, software, equipment or files may infect the Information System with Malicious Code, (b) internet access 
by the Customer or CustomerΓÇÖs access to or use of the Information System is in violation of the applicable acceptable use policy governing 
use of the providerΓÇÖs services or any law or (c) CustomerΓÇÖs network connection, software, equipment or files may cause harm to or disrupt 
the Information System.  Neither HSS nor any such third-party provider will be liable for any inconvenience or disruption to the Customer 
or any consequences thereof caused by such measures.   
ARTICLE 5. 
DISCLAIMERS 
5.1 HSS makes no representations or warranties as to any Certified Third Party Software, any Authorized Equipment or any Services 
provided by any Preferred Provider and will have no liability whatsoever for the terms and conditions thereof, performance of  
any obligations or other agreements therewith, any equipment purchased, leased, or installed, any Services performed, any use 
of any software, or any software licensed or sublicensed by any Preferred Provider.  The sole warranties provided to Customer, 
if any, with respect to the Certified Third Party Software, Authorized Equipment or Services provided by the Preferred Providers 
are provided by the applicable third party vendor pursuant to a written warranty, if any, provided to Customer by such third 
party ven dor.  In the event Customer notifies HSS of any condition which Customer believes constitutes a breach of any 
warranty provided by a Preferred Provider, HSS will, upon CustomerΓÇÖs request, provide reasonable cooperation and assistance 
in notifying such thir d party vendor of such condition and in urging such third party vendor to correct such condition. HSS 
reserves the right to make changes and substitutions in the components of the Information System. 
5.2 Except as specifically provided in this Article 5 (Disclaimers), HSS disclaims all express or implied warranties with respect to 
the Software, Authorized Equipment, Services and Information System, including without limitation, any implied warranties of 
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non -infringement, design, accuracy, capability, sufficiency, suitability, 
capacity, completeness, availability, compatibility, or those that may arise from course of dealing or course of performance or 
that any Software, Services or Authorized Equipment provided hereunder will not violate the intellectual property rights of and 
person or entity.  HSS does not guarantee, warrant, or make any representations to the effect that any of the Software, 
Authorized Equipment, Services  or Information System provided or made available to Customer under this Agreement (a) will 
be continuously available, uninterrupted or defect- free, delay-free, or error-free, (b) will have its defects or errors corrected, (c) 
will operate in combination with any Customer or third party soft ware, system, service, data or equipment not made available 
by HSS, (d) will be free of Malicious Code or other harmful components, or (e) will be accurate or complete. HSS does not 
guarantee, warrant or make any representations regarding the use of, or th e results of, any of the Software, Authorized 
Equipment, Services  or  Information System in terms of its respective correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.   
5.3 HSS will not be liable for, and makes no warranty or guarantee of, the confidentiality or privacy of any data or other files 
transmitted to, on, from or through the Agreement Products and Services and/or the Information System and is not responsible 
for any delays, delivery failures, or other damage resulting from such problems arising in connection therewith. HSS is not 
responsible for any issues related to the performance, operation or security of the Services that arise from Customer content , 
Customer applications or third party content.  HSS is not responsible for incorrect or inaccurate entry information, or destroyed, 
impaired or lost data, whether caused by Customer or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in 
the Information System or by any technical or human error which may occur in the processing of any information related to the 
Information System. 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)  Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
4 
5.4 HSS will have no liability to third parties for any claims, losses or damages of any type whatsoever arising out of or in any way 
related to the access to or any use of any of the Agreement Products and Services or any part of the Information System.   
Customer will be responsible for, and Customer will indemnify HSS and its Affiliates and hold them harmless from and against 
any and all allegations, losses, demands, claims (including taxes), liabilities, damages (including punitive and exemplary), fines, 
penalties and interest, and all related costs and expenses of whatever nature (including reasonable attorneysΓÇÖ fees and 
disbursements and costs of investigation, litigation, experts, settlement, judgment, interest and penalties) from any individ ual 
or entity which arise out of CustomerΓÇÖs (a) access to or any use of any of the Agreement Products and Services or any portion 
of the Information System, and (b) acts and omissions under this Agreement, including without limitation infringement of any 
intellectual property rights. 
5.5 HSS reserves the right for any reason, including, but not limited to, CustomerΓÇÖs failure to comply with the Information SystemΓÇÖs 
use regulations, rules and policies, to temporarily bar access of Customer to the Information System and/or to temporarily or  
permanently remove any or all data or other files if HSS or the third party provider hereunder determines or receives notice that 
CustomerΓÇÖs network connection, software, equipment or files may infect the Information System with a virus, that internet 
access by the Customer or CustomerΓÇÖs access to or use of the information system is in violation of the applicable acceptable 
use policy governing use of the internet service providerΓÇÖs services (ΓÇ£AUPΓÇ¥) or any governmental law or regulation or that 
CustomerΓÇÖs network connection, software, equipment or files may cause harm to or disrupt the Information System.  HSS and 
the third party provider will not be liable for any inconvenience or disruption to the Customer caused by such measures. 
5.6 HSS may inform governmental authorities or interested third parties if HSS suspects, believes or receives notice that 
CustomerΓÇÖs data or other files contain legally prohibited information or are being used for illegal purposes.  Customer 
acknowledges that HSS or the third party provider may monitor and review stored data and other files without restriction and 
Customer hereby acknowledges and consents to such monitoring.  Customer also acknowledges that HSS or the third party 
provider may need to release CustomerΓÇÖs data or other files when HSS or the third party provider believes it must do so in order 
to comply with a law, subpoena, warrant, order or regulation arising from litigants, law enforcement, courts and other 
governmental agencies.  Neither HSS nor the third party provider will be responsible or liable to Customer for any such actions 
taken by HSS or the third party provider 
5.7 The remedies provided in this Agreement constitute CustomerΓÇÖs sole and exclusive remedies.  In no event will HSS be liable for 
any special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation damages for loss of use, lost profits 
or loss of data or information of any kind, arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, whether or not HSS has been 
advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.  In no event will HSSΓÇÖs liability to Customer arising out of or in connect ion 
with this Agreement, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, exceed the amounts actually paid by Customer to HSS under this 
Agreement during the six (6) month period immediately preceding the time that the cause of action giving rise to such liabili ty 
first accrues. 
5.8 To the extent not prohibited by law, the warranties contained in this Article 5 (Disclaimers) are exclusive and there are no other 
express or implied warranties or conditions.   
ARTICLE 6. 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
Customer will maintain the confidential and proprietary nature of the Proprietary Software, Certified Third Party Software, I nformation 
System, Services and any and all information, documentation and materials of HSS and HSS Affiliates which are disclosed under or 
provided or made available to Customer under or in connection with this Agreement.  The foregoing includes without limitation proprietary 
ideas, patentable ideas, copyrights, trade secrets, existing and contemplated products and services, software, schematics, research and 
development, discoveries, inventions, methods, processes, materials, algorithms, formulas, specifications, designs, data, str ategies, 
plans, and know-how, whether tangible or intangible (collectively, the ΓÇ£Confidential InformationΓÇ¥).  Customer will maintain such Confidential 
Information in confidence and agrees not to disclose or otherwise make available the Confidential Information to any person o r entity 
other than CustomerΓÇÖs employees at the Hotel who are bound by obligations of confidentiality no less stringent than those set forth herein, 
without prior written consent of HSS.  Customer further agrees to take all reasonable steps and precautions necessary to prot ect the 
Confidential Information from unauthorized use or disclosure. 
ARTICLE 7. 
PRECEDENCE AND INTERPRETATION 
The terms and conditions of CustomerΓÇÖs use of the Agreement Products and Services and the Information System will be governed  
exclusively by this Agreement and any applicable Joinder Agreements notwithstanding any different terms submitted by Customer  to 
HSS.  In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and any Order Document, the Order Document will control.  Terms in t he 
Relationship Agreement addressing the same issue as terms in this Agreement will be deemed to be additional and complimentary  to 
this AgreementΓÇÖs terms except to the extent that such Relationship Agreement terms specifically conflict with the terms of this Agreement 
in which case the terms of this Agreement will control.   
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, by the signature of its respective authorized representative, each of the Parties agrees to be bound by all of 
the terms of this Agreement. 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)  Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
5 
 
  
 
HSS 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC  
CUSTOMER: 
%LegalEntity% 
 
By: %HiltonApproverSignature% 
 
By: %HotelApproverSignature% 
 
Name: %AMERCountersigner% 
 
Name: 
 
%HotelApproverName%  
 
Title: %AMERCountersignerTitle% 
 
Title: 
 
%HotelApproverTitle% 
 
Date: 
 
%HiltonApprovedDate%  
 
Date: 
 
%HotelApprovedDate%  

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)  Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
6 
ANNEX 1 
DEFINITIONS 
As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings given to them below.   
1. ΓÇ£Agreement Products and Services ΓÇ¥ means, collectively, the Software, Authorized Equipment, Services, subscriptions, Information 
System, documentation and all other materials identified herein that is or may be made available to Customer pursuant to this  
Agreement. 
2. ΓÇ£Authorized EquipmentΓÇ¥ means equipment that has met HSS standards for operating as part of the Information System and which is 
made available for purchase or lease under this Agreement or a Joinder Agreement. 
3. ΓÇ£Certified Third Party SoftwareΓÇ¥ means software licensed by third parties to Customer or sublicensed by HSS to Customer and listed 
in the applicable Order Document.    
4. ΓÇ£FeesΓÇ¥ means, collectively, all of the fees, charges and expenses chargeable to or due from Customer under this Agreement, 
including any Order Document.  
5. ΓÇ£Information System ΓÇ¥ means, collectively, the software, equipment and IT systems made available by HSS and its Affiliates for 
CustomerΓÇÖs access, use or benefit, including without limitation PEP and the OnQ technology.   
6. ΓÇ£Malicious CodeΓÇ¥ means any virus, worm, trojan horse, spyware, adware, rootkit, ransomware, scareware, rogueware, backdoor, 
trap door, logic bomb or similar item intended to cause or capable of causing undesired effects, security breaches and/or damage to 
a system or a systemΓÇÖs contents. 
7. ΓÇ£Proprietary SoftwareΓÇ¥ means software owned by HSS or its Affiliates. 
8. ΓÇ£ServicesΓÇ¥ means the services provided under this Agreement. 
9. ΓÇ£SoftwareΓÇ¥ means the Certified Third-Party Software and Proprietary Software`

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: 
%Version% 
1 
This Order Document is issued under and is a part of the Information Technology System Agreement (ΓÇ£AgreementΓÇ¥) between 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC (ΓÇ£ HSSΓÇ¥) and %LegalEntity% (ΓÇ£ CustomerΓÇ¥) and includes all of its schedules, attachments, and 
exhibits as well as all other documents expressly incorporated into it by reference.  It becomes effective on the date identi fied 
by HSS under the signature blocks below (ΓÇ£Order Effective DateΓÇ¥) and when signed by both parties is automatically incorporated 
into and becomes part of the Agreement. All licenses and sublicenses of software, all subscriptions, all Services and all 
equipment provided herein or obtained hereunder are subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and to the terms of 
this Order Document. Unless otherwise specified the defined terms in this Order D ocument have the meanings given them in 
the Agreement.  
The pricing provided here for goods and services provided by HSS is valid for a period of ninety (90) days following the date of 
issue of this Order Document to Customer (ΓÇ£ Issue DateΓÇ¥).  Should this Order Document not be signed by the Customer within 
those (90) days, Customer must obtain written confirmation from HSS that the pricing requested by Customer remains in effect.  
Except as otherwise noted herein or in the applicable invoice all payments required by this Order Document must be made in 
United States Dollars within thirty (30) days of receipt of the invoice therefore. Customer acknowledges and agrees that HSS or 
its Affiliates may derive revenues and/or other material consideration on all or a portion of the fees paid by Customer and that 
HSS may use third parties to perform the Services.  All fees indicated are exclusive of applicable taxes, shipping, insurance , 
rigging, duties and other related fees and expenses, all of which are payable by Customer. Provision of the Authorized 
Equipment, Software and Services is made in consideration of the CustomerΓÇÖs promise herein to pay the fees therefor and is 
subject to Customer ΓÇÖs timely payment of such fees. HSS may delegate certain of its operational responsibilities hereunder to 
third parties but remains responsible therefore. 
EXECUTION INSTRUCTIONS:  Please sign this Order Document, each of the documents in Schedule C and any other 
Schedules indicated as needing your signature. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, by the signature of its respective authorized representative, each of the parties agrees to be bound 
by all of the terms of this Order Document. 
 
HSS 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC  
CUSTOMER: 
%LegalEntity% 
 
By: %HiltonApproverSignature% 
 
By: %HotelApproverSignature% 
 
Name: %AMERCountersigner% 
 
Name: 
 
%HotelApproverName%  
 
Title: %AMERCountersignerTitle% 
 
Title: 
 
%HotelApproverTitle% 
 
Date: 
 
%HiltonApprovedDate%  
 
Date: 
 
%HotelApprovedDate%  
 
The Order Effective Date for this Order Document is the date it is signed by HSS.  
ORDER DOCUMENT 
Customer Name: %LegalEntity% Customer  Contact: %GMName%  
 
Customer Address: %PrimaryContactName% 
%PrimaryContactAddressBlock% 
 %PropertyName% 
%PropertyAddressBlock% 
 
Property Name: %PropertyName% Issue Date: %CreationDate% 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: 
%Version% 
8 
1. Software, Systems and Related Services.   
1.1 Software, Systems and Interfaces .  HSS licenses to Customer use of the Hilton Property Engagement Platform (ΓÇ£PEPΓÇ¥) and the 
following Proprietary Software and sublicenses to Customer use of the Certified Third Party Software included in PEP under th e terms 
specified in the Agreement. 
A. Interfaces (Proprietary Software unless otherwise noted): 
 Interfaces Those Being 
Licensed  
to Customer are 
Noted with ΓÇ£XΓÇ¥ 
1.  Call Accounting interface %CallAccounting% 
2.  PBX interface %PBX% 
3.  Voice Messaging interface %VoiceMail% 
4.  Point Of Sale interface %POS% 
5.  Movie Only Billing interface %MovieSystem% 
6.  TV Services (Express Checkout, Movies, etc.) interface %VideoCheckOut% 
7.  Mini-Bar Posting interface %MiniBarPosting% 
8.  Credit Card Authorization & Settlement interface %CreditCard% 
9.  Guest Internet Access interface %INetCallAccounting% 
10.  Combined HSIA & PayTV interface %TVandHSIA% 
11.  PPIC interface %PPIC% 
12.  Electronic Key interface %ElectronicKey% 
13.  Energy Management interface %EnergyMgmt% 
14.  Police interface %Police% 
15.  Back Office interface %BackOffice% 
16.  Guest Call Center interface %CallCenter% 
17.  Parking interface %Parking% 
18.  Spa interface %SPA% 
19.  Convention and Event interface %CONFEVENT% 
20.  Digital Compendium %Intelity% 
21.  Housekeeping /  Engineering / Rapid Response %HOTSOS% 
B. Additional Software. HSS may require that Customer use additional Proprietary Software and Certified Third Party Software for the 
proper operation of the Agreement Products and Services. Such Software made available to Customer by HSS is licensed to Customer 
under the terms of this Agreement. 
1.2 Reserved.   
1.3 Training and Training Materials.   
There are a number of training modules applicable for each job role regarding PEPΓÇÖs and the Proprietary SoftwareΓÇÖs function. The Hotel 
is responsible for ensuring that all employees who have responsibilities related to the use of PEP and the Proprietary Software complete 
the applicable training modules prior to the implementation of PEP, the Proprietary Software and Certified Third Party Software above at 
the Hotel, or within ten (10) days of employment, as agreed to with HSS. All such Hotel staff must successfully complete the training as 
a prerequisite to receiving permission from HSSΓÇÖs installation team to complete the implementation of PEP, the Proprietary Software and 
Certified Third Party Software. The Training Matrix, part of the Required Training Documents (ΓÇ£RTDΓÇ¥) provided by HSS, must be  
completed and verified by the HSS Implementation Specialists.    
1.4 Cost of Certain Installation, Implementation and Training Services.  The cost of certain installation, implementation, and training 
services (including the HSS implementation specialists) and materials are set forth below.  These costs and travel expenses will be billed 
to Customer by HSS or the Preferred Provider following installation of the Information System.  Additional costs for training replacement 
General Managers or other Hotel personnel will be billed to Customer prior to such training dates at the then current rate charged by HSS 
for such training.  
1.5 Site Surveys.  HSS will determine if an onsite, remote or combined Site Survey is required. Customer and HSS will mutually determine 
the scope, schedule and timing of a site survey that may be required for the preparation, installation and/or implementation of PEP (the 
ΓÇ£Site SurveyΓÇ¥).  HSS and Customer will  identify the responsible parties for each aspect of the Site Survey.  In preparation for any Site 
Survey, Customer will provide information and documentation relative to the Hotel as requested by HSS, including, but not lim ited to, 
hotel drawings, room locations and wiring diagrams.  If HSS performs on-site services during the Site Survey, the Customer is responsible 
for providing timely access to the Hotel property, as well as complimentary room nights with confirmed reservations at the Ho tel, as 
needed in the course of performing the Site Survey. A Hotel representative will be appointed by Customer to provide escort and access  
to guest rooms for the room inspection portion of the Site Survey.  The fees and costs for any work performed by HSS relative to the Site 
Survey, including any fees for creation and validation of the wireless network design, any travel expenses, per diem fees and  other out-

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: 
%Version% 
9 
of-pocket related costs, will be billed separately by HSS to the Customer.  Any additional costs incurred due to delays in perfo rming the 
Site Survey caused by the CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel will also be billed to Customer. 
1.6 Implementation Services .  HSS may, in its sole discretion, provide remote, on -site or combined implementation services for 
CustomerΓÇÖs Authorized Equipment and related Certified Third Party Software.  Some are described below but more exact requirem ents 
may be set forth in the appli cable Brand Standards and are subject to change by HSS or HDOC or their affiliates or subsidiaries from 
time to time.  HSS will provide the services using Systems Implementation consultants.  The number of consultants and number of days 
they will be used will be determined by HSS based upon the size and type of the Hotel and the HotelΓÇÖs IT requirements. These consultants 
may:  
(a) work with the Hotel, which is responsible for the cost of building the HotelΓÇÖs database, including the verification of the pr oper 
functioning of the Software, installation, conversion, implementation, data conversion or recovery;  
(b) provide procedural support for the property management system to the HotelΓÇÖs management; 
(c) work with the HotelΓÇÖs management to adapt their use of the Information System to meet the HotelΓÇÖs requirements; 
(d) support the HotelΓÇÖs staff in their use of the Information System through the HotelΓÇÖs management; 
(e) work with the HotelΓÇÖs management to assure that the Hotel has all necessary tools for the implementation of the Information 
System (i.e., Authorized Equipment, Certified Third Party Software, documentation, etc.); 
(f) install or approve the installation of equipment to meet the requirements of the Hotel, HSS and the manufacturer of the Authorized 
Equipment; 
(g) work with third party vendors to meet the technical criteria for interface communications  (i.e., central reservations, call 
accounting, energy management, door lock, guest internet access, etc.);   
(h) verify that all front desk staff and HotelΓÇÖs management have successfully completed the Information System Training; 
(i) identify and address operational problems that involve the Information System; and 
(j) formulate and present recommendations that maximize efficient use of the Information System. 
1.7 Authorized Equipment Installation. Whether Customer elects to purchase or lease Authorized Equipment from a Preferred Provider 
through one of the Master Agreements HSS will coordinate the installation of such Authorized Equipment at the Hotel. 
A. Customer or HSS, in HSSΓÇÖs discretion, will obtain and maintain throughout the term hereof, at CustomerΓÇÖs cost, the necessa ry 
communication vehicles and services for direct communication between HSS and the Hotel as is reasonably necessary for the operation 
of, and for the diagnosing of issues involving, the Agreement Products and Services, including without limitation, network ac cess and 
wide area network connections to the Central Reservation System and Internet. 
B. Customer will make available, at its own expense, prior to the agreed upon installation date a location that, in HSSΓÇÖs opinion, is suitable 
for installation of such Authorized Equipment. Customer will furnish any electrical connections and dedicated pho ne lines which may be 
required by HSS and will perform and pay for all work, including alterations, which in the sole discretion of HSS is necessar y to prepare 
the Hotel for the installation and proper operation of the Authorized Equipment. 
C. Any delay in shipment and installation of Authorized Equipment or Certified Third Party Software, including delays by communications 
vendors, Preferred Providers, or any other retailers, will, for the duration of such delay, excuse any failure of HSS to install the Authorized 
Equipment on or before the agreed upon installation date. However, HSS will use commercially reasonable efforts to require su ch 
approved vendors to comply with their service level agreements as to installation and shipment timing fo r CustomerΓÇÖs installation, in 
accordance with such approved vendor agreements. 
D. If Customer elects to purchase such Authorized Equipment from another retailer, it will be installed at the Hotel on a dat e mutually 
agreed to by HSS and Customer following HSSΓÇÖs determination that it conforms to HSSΓÇÖs specifications and testing procedu res and can 
be configured with the Software. 
1.8. Software Installation.   
A. Unless specifically stated as being implemented by HSS, it is CustomerΓÇÖs obligation to install the Software on the Authorized Equipment 
and any related hardware at such time as HSS designates in writing to Customer.  The Software may be installed in pha ses such that 
one or more Software modules may be installed and/or be operational prior to other Software modules.  Customer will be responsible for 
all fees and costs incurred in the installation of Software and any related Software.   

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: 
%Version% 
10 
B. If Customer purchases the Authorized Equipment from HSS or a Preferred Provider, the Preferred Provider or HSS will install th e 
Software and any related software as described in this Agreement on the Authorized Equipment and HSS will complete the instal lation 
at the Hotel, as applicable, on the agreed upon installation date.  If Customer does not purchase the Authorized Equipment fr om the 
Preferred Provider, HSS will install the Software and any related software at such time as HSS designates in writing to Customer.  The 
Software may be installed in phases such that one or more Software modules may be installed and/or operational prior to other Software 
modules.  The Software modules to be installed will be as set out above and in this Agreement, and Cust omer hereby agrees to permit 
the Preferred Provider or HSS to install any and all other Software modules on the Authorized Equipment in or at the Hotel, a s provided 
for herein. 
C. If Customer purchases Authorized Equipment from a retailer other than the Preferred Provider, Customer will pay for config uring the 
Authorized Equipment purchased from such retailer, with the Software.  Customer will also be responsible for shipping and  shipping 
related costs to and from HSS for such configuration. 
1.9 Third Party Interface Testing and Connectivity.  If Customer requires the implementation of any interface Proprietary Software for 
connectivity to third party systems, Customer will be responsible for any fees assessed by the third party vendors to test an d implement 
the necessary connectivity.  In addition, Customer will be required to make arrangements with any such third party vendor to provide the 
necessary assistance required to test and to implement the interface connectivity.  This assistance req uires the vendor to be on -site at 
the time of testing and implementation, unless the third party vendor can perform all necessary tasks (as defined by HSS) thr ough a 
remote connection to the CustomerΓÇÖs third party system.  The cost incurred by any third party vendors for testing and implementing 
connectivity to third party systems will be billed to Customer by HSS, or such vendors for the license of each copy of the Pr oprietary 
Software and the Certified Third Party Software licensed to Customer by HSS 
1.10 Certain Costs and Payment Terms. 
A.  Software License Fees.  Customer will pay HSS, Preferred Provider or another retailer approved by HSS, a fee for the license of each 
copy of the Proprietary Software and the Certified Third Party Software, licensed or sublicensed to Customer by third parties or installed 
on the Authorized Equipment at the Hotel (the ΓÇ£License FeesΓÇ¥). The License Fee to be paid for PEP, which is a one-time fee, is based on 
the number of guest rooms in CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel 
Number of Guest Rooms  (Tiers)       Current License Fees* 
1 to 300 Guest Rooms        $ 8,000.00 
301 to 500 Guest Rooms        $ 9,500.00  
501 or more Guest Rooms        $12,500.00 
*These fees are subject to change. 
If, after paying the original License Fee, the number of guest rooms in CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel is increased to a new tier, Customer will pay the 
difference between the original License Fee and the License Fee payable under the new tier.  As an example, if the Hotel had 280 guest 
rooms and Customer paid the $8,000 License Fee, and then Customer expanded the Hotel to 350 guest rooms, Customer would pay 
HSS an additional $1,500 (the difference between the License Fee for the 1 to 300 guest room tier and the License Fee for the 301 to 
500 guest room tier).     
PEP License Fee    $%SystemTwentyOneSWFee% 
OnQ┬« Virus and CAL Licenses  $%SystemTwentyOneVirusSW% 
 
B. Cost of the Authorized Equipment, Certified Third Party Software and Other Fees.  The cost of the Authorized Equipment, Certified 
Third Party Software and other fees are shown below.  The costs will be invoiced to Customer by HSS or by the Preferred Provider. 
Authorized Equipment and Certified Third Party Software  $%SystemTwentyOneHWFee% 
Standard Upgrade Fee  $%StandardUpgradeFee% 
Standard Plus Software License Fees  $%StandardPlusSoftwareFee% 
C. Cost of Training and Training Materials.   The cost of the t raining is shown below.  This cost will be invoiced to Customer by HSS or 
the third party provider HSS may use at the same time as it renders its invoice to Customer for the License Fees. Additional costs for 
training replacement general managers or other hotel personnel will be invoiced to Customer prior to such training dates. 
Customer will be responsible for charges incurred for use of Virtual Private Network (ΓÇ£ VPNΓÇ¥) to access the training hotel.  These costs 
include fees from HSSΓÇÖs current VPN access provider, for up to 5,000 minutes of network access as well as HSS internal costs for 
configuration services.  VPN access will be terminated for each property at the t ime of hotel opening or live utilization of the Information 
System. 
Training System Access Fee  $%TrainSysAccessFee% 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: 
%Version% 
11 
There is currently no additional charge for the CBT training modules which are included within the software. 
Information System Planning Workshop  
  
$%SystemTwentyOnePlanningWS% 
Sales Skills Training: For the Hampton and Homewood brands (N/A for other brands), attendance is required by general manager,  
assistant general manager, or full-time sales manager within ninety (90) days of employment.   
 $%SalesTrainingFee% 
General Manager Leadership Program: 
For ES/HH/HIS/HW/DT/DC (N/A for other brands): 
 $%GMTrainingFee% 
Pre-Opening Materials 
For ES/HH/HIS/HW/DT/DC (N/A for other brands): 
 $%PreOpeningFee% 
D. Cost of Installation and Implementation Services.   The cost of the installation and implementation Services (including the cost of the 
Systems Implementation Specialists but excluding the cost of any services described in any other schedules) is shown below.  This cost 
will be invoiced to Customer by HSS o r the Preferred Services Provider at the same time as it renders its invoice to Customer for the 
Proprietary Software.   
Preferred Provider Fee: 
(Configuration fees and Training Room Network Installation, as applicable) 
(Includes travel expenses) 
 
  $%ServicesPreferred% 
Project Management, Contracting and Sales fee (ΓÇ£PMCS FeeΓÇ¥) $%ServicesPMCS% 
Site Survey (travel expenses are additional) $%HHCSiteSurvey% 
Installation Support Fee $%InstallSupport% 
Implementation services: (travel expenses to be billed at actual per guidelines below 
for others) 
$%ImplementationFee% 
Delphi Project Management Fee $%DELPHIPM% 
Delphi Implementation Fee $%DELPHIIMP% 
Executive Briefing and Change Management $%DevRecovery% 
Email Setup Fee: $%Email% 
Hi Tech Fee: $%HiTechFeeOne% 
Firewall Equipment and Configuration and/or Converged Network Install $%Firewall% 
IT Opening Project Manager $%INTLITOPENPM% 
Digital Floor Plan Billing Management $%DigitalFloorSetup% 
Hilton Hotel Openings & Transition Tool $%SALESFORCE% 
GRO Setup Fee $%GROSETUP% 
Promptly following HSSΓÇÖs providing of the Services, an invoice will be submitted to Customer for HSSΓÇÖs representativesΓÇÖ out -of-pocket 
expenses, any additional per diem charges for its representatives (as described in the Notes below), any re -scheduling fee, and any 
additional travel expenses as set forth above, which invoice will be payable within fifteen days of CustomerΓÇÖs receipt of same. 
TOTAL PRICE $%TotalPrice% 
*TOTAL PRICE EXCLUDES TAXES, SHIPPING & ANY MONTHLY FEE ITEMS NOTED HEREIN 
Notes:  
(i) Promptly following HSSΓÇÖs providing of the Services, if applicable, due to implementation delays or requested incremental days on-site, an invoice will 
be submitted to Customer for HSSΓÇÖs representativesΓÇÖ out-of-pocket expenses, any additional per diem charges for its representatives, any re-scheduling 
fee, and any additional travel expenses as set forth above, which invoice will be payable within fifteen days of CustomerΓÇÖs receipt of same. 
(ii) Customer will pay according to the terms of any invoice(s) submitted to Customer, including any provision for late charg es, the fee for the installation 
of any telephone line(s) or wide area network connection(s) necessary for connection of the Authorized Equipment 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: 
%Version% 
12 
(iii) The cost to configure equipment obtained by Customer from a non-preferred retailer, to be included here, when applicable. 
E. Other. If Customer attaches or uses third party equipment, software, and/or interfaces with any of the Agreement Products and 
Services, the Central Reservation System or the internet which have not been certified or approved by HSS as meeting HSSΓÇÖs 
specifications and/or does not conform to the standards provided by the HSS or if Customer installs other third party non-HSS proprietary 
software which has not been certified or approved by HSS as meeting HSSΓÇÖs specifications, the Agreement Products and Servi ces or 
such third party equipment, software, and/or interfaces may need to be reconfigured and the entire cost of such reconfiguration will be 
borne by Customer. Where HSS specifications cannot be met with such third party equipment, software, and/or interfaces, such third 
party equipment, software and/or interfaces will, at CustomerΓÇÖs sole cost, be removed and/or replaced as directed by HSS. 
1.11 HSS Representatives on-Site at Hotel:  Customer must have its representative(s) on -site at the Hotel for the implementation of 
the Agreement Products and Services.  Once HSSΓÇÖs representatives are on-site, any delays will result in additional expense to Customer.  
If a delay in implementation of any of the Agreement Products and Services caused solely by Customer necessitates the departu re and 
re-scheduling of HSSΓÇÖs representatives, then, in addition to the other fees set forth in this Order Document, Customer will be required to 
pay a fee consisting of charges for such representativesΓÇÖ work days and travel days (currently U$700.00 per representative pe r day), 
change fees, and additional travel expenses.  The re-scheduled date will be determined based on the needs of the Hotel as well as the 
availability of HSSΓÇÖs representatives.  
2. Proprietary Software and PEP Maintenance.   
2.1 Proprietary Software and PEP Maintenance.   
A. HSS will provide Customer with Proprietary Software and PEP maintenance and support services (the ΓÇ£ Proprietary Software 
MaintenanceΓÇ¥) for a term of one (1) year (with annual renewals thereafter at the option of HSS) commencing on the Order Effective Date.  
The annual fee, payable in monthly installments, is as follows: 
%SoftwareMaintTable% 
B. The first monthly payment will be invoiced in advance of the shipment date to the Hotel (the date of shipment being the ΓÇ£ Start DateΓÇ¥) 
of the Authorized Equipment purchased which will operate Proprietary Software to be maintained.   For the avoidance of doubt, HSS has 
no obligation to provide Customer with maintenance, support or Help Desk services for any Certified Third Party Software; maintenance 
support and services for Certified Third Party Software is to be provided by the appli cable Preferred Provider pursuant to the applicable 
Master Agreement.  The Proprietary Software and PEP maintenance and support offered by HSS is described in Schedule A. 
C. HSS is unable to modify, and does not provide support for, the Certified Third Party Software.  Provided Customer has paid fo r all 
Proprietary Software Maintenance and other fees charged hereunder and satisfied all other obligations under the Agreement, HS S will 
supply Customer with any standard enhancements, improvements, updates, and/or modifications to the Proprietary Software and P EP 
(ΓÇ£UpdatesΓÇ¥) generally made available by HSS as options or new releases to its Customers which are not charged for separately by HSS.  
Such Updates will be HSSΓÇÖs sole and exclusive property and will be deemed part of the Proprietary Software hereunder.  Custom er 
agrees that it may be required to purchase some Updates to the Proprietary Software and PEP, which are charged f or separately by 
HSS, as well as additional hardware and/or software in order to utilize certain major upgrades or enhancements.   
2.2 Use of Certified Third Party Software Only .  In the event Customer uses or installs any third party software other than Certified 
Software on the Authorized Equipment or uses equipment that is not Authorized Equipment, HSS will have no further obligations  to 
provide any Proprietary Software Maintenance services to Customer. 
2.3 Increases/Decreases.  HSS reserves the right to increase or decrease the Proprietary Software Maintenance cost on an annual 
basis to reflect increases or decreases in such costs and the addition or construction of additional guest rooms (or suites) by Customer 
for Customer's Hotel. 
3. Additional Services.   
3.1 Additional Services Purchased Under This Ordering Document .  HSS will provide the following additional Services (if any are 
listed) for the fees noted (if any):  
A. Guest Messaging Service. HSS will provide the Guest Messaging Service described in Schedule P ΓÇô Guest Messaging Service. 
%Misc% 
4. Authorized Equipment. 
4.1 Authorized Equipment Purchased or Leased.  Customer will purchase or lease the Authorized Equipment required for the proper 
operation of the Hotel IT functionality identified by HSS.  As of the Order Effective Date the purchasing and/or leasing fees  for the 
Authorized Equipment described in Schedule B-1 ΓÇô Authorized Equipment are: 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: 
%Version% 
13 
  
PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: 
%Version% 
14 
AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT 
NETWORK AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT: 
%NetAuthEquipOne% 
STANDARD PLUS EQUIPMENT: 
%StdPlusEquipOne% 
The purchase fees will be invoiced by either HSS or the relevant Preferred Provider depending on the location of the Hotel and the source 
of the Authorized Equipment.  Customer will be provided the specific information not later than 15 days following the Order Effective Date.  
Customer will purchase and replace any source, paper, ribbons, printer maintenance kits, toner and such other operating supplies as will 
be required for the operation of the Authorized Equipment, but Customer will utilize only such b rands as are approved by HSS or the 
Authorized Equipment manufacturer. 
4.2. Authorized Equipment Maintenance.  Customer must purchase maintenance services as described in Schedule B-2 ΓÇô Authorized 
Equipment Maintenance and Refresh for all of the Authorized Equipment it purchases or leases, including for all the Network Authorized 
Equipment when maintenance is not provided under the terms of the applicable Brand IT program.  The fee for Authorized Equipm ent 
Maintenance includes a fe e for Help Desk Services. As of the Order Effective Date Customer is purchasing Authorized Equipment 
Maintenance for the annual fee(s) shown, payable in monthly installments: 
 %HardwareMaintTable% 
5. Expenses. If HSS or Preferred Provider personnel incur travel, lodging, meal, or any other out of pocket expenses in furnishing services 
hereunder, Customer will pay for or promptly reimburse HSS for same, subject to reasonable documentation of such expenses.   
6. Customer Responsibilities. Customer will maintain on its staff at all times sufficient personnel that have been trained in and are 
knowledgeable about the use of the Information System in a professional, efficient and competent manner.  Customer is respons ible for 
maintaining duplicate or back-up copies of its software, data files and documentation.  HSS will have no liability for any damages resulting 
from CustomerΓÇÖs failure to maintain such duplicate or back -up copies nor for any costs or expenses of reconstructing any such data or 
information that may be destroyed, impaired or lost. 
7. Exclusions. HSSΓÇÖs obligations under the Agreement will not apply to any errors, defects or problems caused in whole or in part by (i) 
any modifications or enhancements made to any Proprietary Software, Certified Third Party Software  or Authorized Equipment by 
Customer or any third person or entity other than HSS; (ii) any software program, hardware, firmware, peripheral or communication device 
used in connection with the Information System which was not approved in advance in writing by HSS; (iii) the fa ilure of Customer to 
follow the most current instructions promulgated by HSS or any third party vendor from time to time with respect to the proper use of the 
Information System; (iv) the failure of Customer to schedule regular preventive maintenance in ac cordance with standard HSS 
procedures; (v) forces or supplies external to the Authorized Equipment, including, without limitation, the reasons set forth  in the force 
majeure provisions of the Agreement; and/or (vi) the negligence of Customer or any other t hird person or entity.  Any corrections 
performed by HSS for any such errors, difficulties, or defects will be fixed, in HSSΓÇÖs sole discretion, at HSSΓÇÖs then current time and material 
charges.  HSS will be under no obligation, however, to fix any such Customer or externally caused errors, defects or problems. 
8. Joinder Agreements. Schedules C-1 and C-2 contain Joinder Agreements under which Customer can obtain products from Microsoft 
and reseller Insight Direct USA, respectively. Customer is required to sign those agreements if it is obtaining any products from those 
Preferred Providers in connection with this Order Document.    
9. Request for Products or Services .  The form to use when requesting products or services is contained in Schedule D ΓÇô Form of 
Request for Products or Services.  
10. Notices. Questions and notices regarding this Order Document should be directed to:   
The Attention of: Scott Greenberg 
Address: Hilton Systems Solutions LLC 
755 Crossover Lane 
Memphis, Tennessee 38117 
Telephone Number: (901) 374-5510 
Email Address: Scott.Greenberg@hilton.com   

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)  Inn Code/Project: 
%InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
1 
SCHEDULE A 
SOFTWARE MAINTENANCE 
1. General.  HSS will provide Customer with maintenance and support for Proprietary Software and PEP for a term of one (1) year (with 
annual renewals at the option of HSS) commencing upon execution hereof, for the Proprietary Software and PEP, specifically excluding 
any maintenance and support of any Certified Third Party Software. 
2. Certified Third Party Software Only.  Customer understands that the use of any software other than that provided by HSS pursuant to 
this Agreement, unless such additional third party software has been approved in writing by the HSS Information Technology Department, 
is not warranted for use on the Authorized Equipment.  In the event Customer uses or installs any third party software other than Certified 
Software on the Authorized Equipment or uses equipment that is not Authorized Equipment, HSS will have  no further obligations to 
provide any software maintenance services to Customer hereunder. 
3. Software Maintenance. 
(a) Customer acknowledges and understands that HSS is unable to modify the Certified Third Party Software.  HSS does not 
provide support the Certified Third Party Software In the event Customer notifies HSS of any condition which Customer believes 
constitutes a breach of any warranty provided by a third party vendor or a defect in Certified Third Party Software, HSS will, 
upon CustomerΓÇÖs request, provide reasonable cooperation and assistance in notifying such third party vendor of such condition 
and in urging such third party vendor to correct such condition. 
(b) With respect to the Proprietary Software and PEP, provided Customer has paid all software maintenance and other fees and 
satisfied all other obligations under this Agreement, HSS will supply Customer with access to any standard enhancements, 
improvements, updates, and/or modifications to the Proprietary Software and PEP generally made available by HSS as options 
or new releases to its Customers which are not charged for separately by HSS as options or new releases.  Such enhancements, 
improvements, updates, additions, and/or modifications which are supplied by HSS to  Customer, and all Intellectual Property 
Rights therein, will be HSSΓÇÖs sole and exclusive property and will be deemed part of the Proprietary Software hereunder and will 
be subject to all of  the terms and conditions of the Agreement.  Customer acknowledges and agrees that Customer may be 
required to purchase some enhancements, improvements, updates, and/or modifications to the Proprietary Software and PEP 
which Customer will be charged for separately by HSS, as well as additional hardware and/or software in order to utilize certain 
major upgrades or enhancements. 
4. Cooperation. Customer will provide HSS with all information, data and other required materials necessary for HSS to reproduce any 
problem identified by Customer.  Customer will maintain for the term of this Agreement a modem and dial-up telephone line and a facsimile 
machine or other electronic communication capability mutually acceptable to both parties to facilitate HSSΓÇÖs ability to perfo rm its 
maintenance services remotely. 
5. Expenses. Customer will pay for all telephone toll charges incurred in providing maintenance and support hereunder. 
6. Proprietary Rights. Any changes, improvements, additions, and/or modifications to any of the Proprietary Software or PEP which are 
licensed by HSS to Customer, and all proprietary rights therein, including without limitation, all Intellectual Property Rights, will be HSSΓÇÖs 
sole and exclusive property, and all such software will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.  
7. Hotline. HSS will provide, in accordance with its customary business practices and procedures, telephone customer service support 
as reflected in this Schedule, for the purposes of receiving reports from Customer regarding software malfunctions subject to maintenance 
hereunder. HSS may attempt, to the extent practical, to resolve any reported problems by telephone or by accessing CustomerΓÇÖs  
equipment remotely. 
8. On-Site Services. In the event HSS is unable to resolve any reported problem by telephone or modem, HSS will dispatch service 
personnel to CustomerΓÇÖs Site for the purpose of providing maintenance services hereunder at HSSΓÇÖs standard rates and charges. 
9. Customer Responsibilities. HSS has no obligation to maintain or repair any software other than the Proprietary Software or PEP, nor 
to repair or replace any expendable or consumable components such as ribbons, paper, toner cartridges, print wheels, drums, batteries, 
or diskettes. 
10. Cost and Payment Terms. Annual Cost of Software Maintenance is $%AnnualSWMaint%. Payments will be calculated from the Start 
Date, payable in monthly installments of $%MonthlySWMaint%.  The monthly payment amount will be due in advance and will be bi lled 
by HSS.  Interest at the then current highest rate allowed will be charged for any payments made by Customer after the payment due 
date (thirty (30) days after billing). 
Travel expenses, per diem fees and related costs for any on-site maintenance will be billed separately. 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)  Inn Code/Project: 
%InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
2 
HSS reserves the right to increase or decrease the Software Maintenance cost on an annual basis to reflect increases or decre ases in 
such cost internally and from the Preferred Providers of such services and to reflect the addition or construction of additional guest rooms 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
1 
SCHEDULE B-1 
AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT  
The term Authorized Equipment includes (i) the equipment needed by Customer at CustomerΓÇÖs hotel, as determined solely by HSS,  for 
the CustomerΓÇÖs use of the Proprietary Software (the ΓÇ£ Network Authorized EquipmentΓÇ¥) (ii) and any additional equipment authorized by 
HSS for use at CustomerΓÇÖs hotel, over and above the Network Authorized Equipment (the ΓÇ£Standard Plus EquipmentΓÇ¥).   
1. Authorized Equipment Purchase.  Customer may purchase the Authorized Equipment from the Preferred Provider who may provide 
a joinder agreement with Customer or from another retailer; however, if such Authorized Equipment is obtained from another re tailer, it 
must conform to HSSΓÇÖs specifications.  Furthermore, if Customer elects to purchase such Authorized Equipment from a third party other 
than the Preferred Provider, the file server and work stations must be shipped to HSS or its designee for certificat ion that these 
components comply with HSSΓÇÖs specifications and testing procedures.  Customer will also be responsible for the shipping and s hipping 
related costs to and from HSS or its designee for such certifications. 
2. Authorized Equipment As Personal Property/Insurance Requirements.  In addition to any other specific purchase terms required 
by the Preferred Provider, the following purchase terms and conditions will apply to any Authorized Equipment obtained from a Preferred 
Provider or HSS.  The Authorized Equipment will be at all time s, personal property which will not, by reason of connection to the Hotel, 
become a fixture or appurtenance to the Hotel, and until such time as Customer or its designated third party pays to the Preferred Provider 
the total sum for the Authorized Equipment as required hereunder, the Authorized Equipment will remain the property of the Pr eferred 
Provider, and title will remain with the Preferred Provider, free from any claims of Customer or the holder of any lien or encumbrance on 
the Hotel and/or any other property of Customer.  Customer will maintain fire, extended coverage, vandalism, and malicious mi schief 
insurance on the Authorized Equipment in an amount not less than the purchase price of the Authorized Equipment.  Said insurance will 
name HSS as an additional insured.  For so long as this obligation remains in effect, Customer will furnish to HSS a certific ate of the 
insurance carrier describing the terms and coverage of the insuran ce in force, the persons insured, and the fact that the coverage may 
not be canceled, altered or permitted to lapse or expire without thirty (30) days advance written notice to HSS.  Upon payment in full, title 
to the Authorized Equipment will vest in the Customer and will be free and clear of the above requirements relating to insurance and of 
all of the Preferred ProviderΓÇÖs liens, claims and encumbrances and the Authorized Equipment will become the sole property of Customer.  
Customer assumes the expense of delivery and in-transit insurance for the Authorized Equipment. 
3. Authorized Equipment. 
NETWORK AUTHORIZED (PROGRAM FUNDED) EQUIPMENT: 
%NetAuthEquipOne% 
STANDARD PLUS (HOTEL FUNDED) EQUIPMENT: 
%StdPlusEquipOne%

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
1 
SCHEDULE B-2 
AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND REFRESH 
1. Maintenance for the Authorized Equipment.  Customer must take all steps necessary to provide all necessary maintenance services 
for the Authorized Equipment it purchases or leases so that it will receive such maintenance services for all such Authorized  Equipment 
throughout the term of this Agreement.  Customer may elect to use the maintenance company (the Preferred Provider) with whom HSS 
has arranged to provide maintenance services (ΓÇ£ Equipment MaintenanceΓÇ¥) for the Authorized Equipment provided that suc h Authorized 
Equipment, if not purchased from the Preferred Provider, is first certified as being suitable for Equipment Maintenance, at the expense of 
Customer, by either HSS or the Preferred Provider.  For such services, the Customer will pay as set fort h in this Schedule B-2 (the 
ΓÇ£Maintenance FeesΓÇ¥) and according to the terms of any invoice(s) submitted to Customer therefor, including any provision for late charges.  
If Customer elects to use the Preferred Provider and Equipment Maintenance is necessary,  Customer will notify HSS, which in turn will 
notify the Preferred Provider to dispatch a Preferred Provider representative.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer may elect, subject 
to HSSΓÇÖs approval in advance in writing, to not provide maintenance services through this Agreement for certain pieces of such Authorized 
Equipment allowed to be used in conjunction with the Information System (ΓÇ£Non-maintained EquipmentΓÇ¥).  Neither HSS nor the Preferred 
Provider will be responsible for any maintenance or support of Non-maintained Equipment. 
The following Authorized Equipment will be designated Non-maintained Equipment: 
%OptOutMaint% 
2. Maintenance Fees. The Maintenance Fees are subject to increase or decrease by HSS, in its sole discretion, on January 1 of each 
year during the term of this Agreement or any extension thereof; however, HSS will not charge Customer any Maintenance Fees that are 
greater than  the Maintenance Fees charged to any similarly situated Customer (based upon factors determined by HSS in its sole 
judgment) utilizing equipment substantially similar to the Authorized Equipment and pursuant to an agreement which has terms and 
conditions substantially similar to this Agreement.  No maintenance fees will be charged to Customer for any Non-maintained Equipment 
as described in Section 1 above. 
3. Refresh of Authorized Equipment.  Under HSSΓÇÖs refreshment program, Customer will be responsible for and will pay for all fees and 
costs for the replacement or refreshment of the Authorized Equipment in HSSΓÇÖs sole discretion (ΓÇ£ RefreshΓÇ¥) on an approximate three (3) 
year cycle, starting approximately three (3) years after the initial shipment of such Authorized Equipment and for the provis ion of 
maintenance services by the Preferred Provider on such refreshed equipment.  The terms and co nditions of the Authorized Equipment 
maintenance services for such equipment (included in such initial Refresh and included in any additional Refresh or Refreshes  of 
CustomerΓÇÖs Authorized Equipment) will be the same as the terms and conditions of this Schedule B-2, including, but not limited to, the 
imposition of termination fees as described hereinafter, provided that the Maintenance Company may exclude from its maintenan ce 
obligations certain errors, defects or problems caused by Customer.  Customer's Refresh wil l be timed to  occur prior to the end of the 
three (3) year cycle.   If Customer fails to meet HSS's timeline for such Refresh, including order dates for equipment and software, 
Customer will be responsible for all fees and costs incident to such delay, including, but not limited to, any rent extension costs on Network 
Authorized Equipment and higher fees and costs for equipment maintenance and software maintenance. 
4. Termination.  If this Agreement is terminated (or if CustomerΓÇÖs use of the Preferred Provider is terminated) prior to the third anniversary 
of the Start Date, which will be the shipment date of the Authorized Equipment to CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel, Customer will pay to HSS a termination 
fee which is designed to reimburse the Preferred Provider and/or HSS in part for any one or more of the following: reconfiguration costs, 
the unamortized fees and costs in the start -up and provision of maintenance services by the Preferred Provider  under this Agreement.  
If such termination occurs during the first year following the Start Date, the termination fee will be in the amount of $3600 .00.  If such 
termination occurs during subsequent years following such Start Date, the termination fee will be as follows: 
During second year  $2,600 
During third year    $1,300 
Thereafter   $1,200 
Provided, however, if this Agreement is terminated, or if the CustomerΓÇÖs use of the Preferred Provider is terminated after a Customer 
Refresh of Authorized Equipment, the termination fee will depend upon the period elapsed after the Start Date applicable to shipment of 
such Authorized Equipment for each successive Customer Refresh as follows:   
During first year   $3,800 
During second year  $2,800 
During third year   $1,400 
Thereafter   $1,200 
5. Use of Certified Software Only.  Customer understands that use of any software other than the Proprietary Software and Certified Third 
Party Software provided by HSS pursuant to this Agreement, unless such additional third party software has been approved in writing by 
the HSS Informati on Technology Department, is not warranted for use on the Authorized Equipment.  In the event Customer uses or 
installs any third party software other than Certified Third Party Software or such approved software on the Au thorized Equipment, HSS 
will have no further obligations to provide any equipment maintenance services to Customer hereunder. 
6. Equipment Maintenance. Equipment Maintenance will be provided for CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel.  

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
2 
7. Cost and Payment Terms.  Annual Cost of Equipment Maintenance for Authorized Equipment is $%AnnualHWMaint% payable in 
monthly installments of $%MonthlyHWMaint% per month.  Payments will be calculated from the Start Date.  The monthly payment amount 
will be due in advance and will be billed by HSS or its designee.  The first invoice will be issued upon the Start Date. Interest at the then 
current highest rate allowed by applicable state law will be charged for any payments made by Customer after the paymen t due date 
(thirty (30) days after billing). 
Travel expenses, per diem fees and related costs for any on-site maintenance will be billed separately. 
HSS reserves the right to increase or decrease the Equipment Maintenance cost on an annual basis as provided in Section 2 abo ve. 
When certain Authorized Equipment or parts for certain Authorized Equipment are no longer being manufactured or reasonably 
obtainable, HSS or the Preferred Provider will notify Customer of such circumstance and maintenance on such Authorized Equipment 
will no longer be available.  After such notice, Customer will no longer be charged for maintenance on such Authorized Equipment. 
8. Customer Responsibilities as to Equipment Maintenance. Customer will maintain on its staff at all times sufficient personnel that have 
been trained in and are knowledgeable about the use of the Information System in a professional, efficient and competent mann er. 
Customer is responsible for maintaining duplic ate or back -up copies of its software, data files and documentation and Certified Third 
Party Software.  Neither HSS nor Preferred Provider will have any liability for any damages resulting from CustomerΓÇÖs failure to maintain 
such copies nor for any costs or expenses of reconstructing any data or information that may be destroyed, impaired or lost. Neither HSS 
nor Preferred Provider has any obligation to maintain or repair any equipment other than the  Authorized Equipment, nor to repair or 
replace any cables, cords, expendable or consumable components such as ribbons, paper, toner cartridges, print wheels, drums,  
batteries, or diskettes, whether or not defined as Authorized Equipment. Customer will not move or perform maintenance services on any 
of such Authorized Equipment without HSSΓÇÖs or Preferred ProviderΓÇÖs prior written consent.  
9. Cooperation. Customer will provide HSS or Preferred Provider with all information, data and other required materials necessary to 
reproduce any problem identified by Customer.  Customer will maintain for the term of this Agreement a modem and dial -up telephone 
line and a facsimile machine or other electronic communication capability mutually acceptable to both parties to facilitate the abil ity to 
perform the Equipment Maintenance services remotely. 
In some instances, Equipment Maintenance will be provided using a depot program, where Customer ships failed Authorized Equipment 
to the depot when Customer receives replacement of such Authorized Equipment.  If Customer does not ship such failed equipmen t, 
Customer will be responsible for any unreturned equipment charges billed by HSS, the Preferred Provider or the depot program provider. 
10. Expenses. If Equipment Maintenance personnel incur travel, lodging, meal, or any other out of pocket expenses in furnishing the 
services hereunder, Customer will pay for or promptly reimburse HSS for same, subject to reasonable documentation of such expenses.  
Customer will also pay for all telephone toll charges incurred in providing maintenance and support hereunder.   
11. Exclusions. The obligation of HSS or the Preferred Provider  to provide Equipment Maintenance hereunder will not apply to any Non-
maintained Equipment nor to any errors, defects or problems caused in whole or in part by (i) any modifications or enhancemen ts made 
to any Proprietary Software or Certified Third Party Software by Customer or any third person or entity other than HSS or its des ignee; 
(ii) any software program, hardware, cables, cords, firmware, peripheral or communication device used in connection with the Information 
System which was not approved in advance in writing by HSS; (iii) the failure of Customer to follow the most current instruct ions 
promulgated by HSS or any third party vendor from time to time with respect to the proper access to or any use of the Information System; 
(iv) the failure of Customer to schedule regular preventive maintenance in accordance with standard HSS procedures; (v) any s uch 
Authorized Equipment that is non-repairable, taken out of service or for which any such  Authorized Equipment or parts for same are no 
longer manufactured or reasonably available; (vi) forces or supplies external to such Authorized Equipment, including, without limitation, 
the reasons set forth in the Force Majeure section of the HITS Agreeme nt; and/or (vi) the negligence of Customer or any other third 
person or entity. Any corrections performed by HSS for any such errors, difficulties, or defects will be fixed, in HSSΓÇÖs or Preferred Provider 
ΓÇÖs discretion, at the then applicable current time and material charges.  Neither HSS nor the Preferred Provider will be under any obligation, 
however, to fix any such Customer or externally caused errors, defects or problems.

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
1 
SCHEDULE C-1 
MICROSOFT PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT 
This Participation Agreement is entered into by the  party signing below (ΓÇ£ youΓÇ¥ or ΓÇ£Customer AffiliateΓÇ¥) for the benefit of the Microsoft 
affiliate (ΓÇ£MicrosoftΓÇ¥ and ΓÇ£weΓÇ¥) and will  be enforceable against you by Microsoft in accordance with its terms.  You acknowledge that 
Microsoft and Hilton Worldwide Inc. (ΓÇ£CustomerΓÇ¥) have entered into Microsoft Enterprise Enrollment, No. 68436885 (the ΓÇ£ agreementΓÇ¥), 
under which you desire to sublicense certain Microsoft products.   As used in this Participation Agreement, the term to ΓÇ£runΓÇ¥  a product 
means to copy, install, use, access, display, run or otherwise interact with it. You acknowledge that your right to run a copy of any version 
of any product sublicensed under the agreement is governed by the applicable product use rights for the product and version licensed as 
of the date you first run that copy.  Such product use rights will be made available to you by the customer, or by publication at a designated 
site on the World Wide Web, or by some other means.  Microsoft does not transfer any ownership rights in any licensed product  and it 
reserves all rights not expressly granted. 
1. Acknowledgment and Agreement.  You hereby acknowledge that you have obtained a copy of the product use rights located at 
http://microsoft.com/licensing/resources/ applicable to the products acquired under the above-referenced agreement; you have read 
and understood the terms and conditions as they relate to your obligations; and you agree to be bound by such terms and conditions, 
as well as to the following provisions:   
a. Restrictions on use.  You may not: 
(i) Separate the components of a product made up of multiple components by running them on different computers, by 
upgrading or downgrading them at different times, or by transferring them separately, except as otherwise provided in the 
product use rights; 
(ii) Rent, lease, lend or host products, except where Microsoft agrees by separate agreement; 
(iii) Reverse engineer, de-compile or disassemble products or fixes, except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law 
despite this limitation; 
Products, fixes and service deliverables licensed under this agreement (including any license or services agreement 
incorporating these terms) are subject to U.S. export jurisdiction. You must comply with all domestic and international expor t 
laws and regulations that apply to the products, fixes and service deliverables.  Such laws include restrictions on destinations, 
end-user, and end-use for additional information, see http://www.microsoft.com/exporting/. 
b. Limited product warranty . Microsoft warrants that each version of a commercial product will perform substantially in 
accordance with its user documentation. This warranty is valid for a period of one year from the date you first run a copy of  the 
version.  To the maximum extent per mitted by law, any warranties imposed by law concerning the products are limited to the 
same extent and the same one year period. This warranty does not apply to components of products which you are permitted 
to redistribute under applicable product use rights, or if failure of the product has resulted from accident, abuse or misapplication.  
If you notify Microsoft within the warranty period that a product does not meet this warranty, then Microsoft will, at its op tion, 
either (1) return the price paid for the product or (2) repair or replace the product.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, this 
is your exclusive remedy for any failure of any commercial product to function as described in this paragraph.  
c. Free and beta products. To the maximum extent permitted by law, free and beta products, if any, are provided ΓÇ£as-is,ΓÇ¥ without 
any warranties.  You acknowledge that the provisions of this paragraph with regard to pre -release and beta products are 
reasonable having regard to, among other things, the fact that they are provided prior to commercial release so as to give yo u 
the opportunity (earlier than you would otherwise have) to assess their suitability for your business, and without full and complete 
testing by Microsoft. 
d. NO OTHER WARRANTIES . TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, MICROSOFT DISCLAIMS AND 
EXCLUDES ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR 
STATUTORY, OTHER THAN THOSE IDENTIFIED EXPRESSLY IN THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON -INFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY AND 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS AND RELATED MATERIALS.  
MICROSOFT WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY PRODUCTS PROVIDED BY  THIRD PARTY VENDORS, DEVELOPERS OR 
CONSULTANTS IDENTIFIED OR REFERRED TO YOU BY MICROSOFT UNLESS SUCH THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS ARE 
PROVIDED UNDER WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND MICROSOFT, AND THEN ONLY TO THE EXTENT 
EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN SUCH AGREEMENT. 
e. Defense of infringement and misappropriation claims. We will defend you against any claims, made by an unaffiliated third 
party, that any commercial product, fix or service deliverable infringes its patent, copyright or trademark or misappropriate s its 
trade secret, and will pay the amount of any resulting adverse final judgment (or settlement to which we consent): 
 You must notify us promptly in writing of the claim and give us sole control over its defense or settlement. You agree to provide 
us with reasonable assistance in defending the claim, and we will reimburse you for reasonable out of pocket expenses that you 
incur in providing that assistance. The terms ΓÇ£misappropriationΓÇ¥ and ΓÇ£trade secretΓÇ¥ are used as defined in the Uniform Trade 
Secrets Act, except in the case of claims arising under any license agreement governed by the laws of any jurisdiction outsid e 
the United States, in which case ΓÇ£misappropriationΓÇ¥ will mean intentionally unlawful use and ΓÇ£trade secretΓÇ¥ will mean ΓÇ£undisclosed 
informationΓÇ¥ as specified in Article 39.2 of the TRIPs agreement. 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
2 
 Our obligations will not apply to the extent that the claim or adverse final judgment is based on (i) your running of the product or 
fix after we notify you to discontinue running due to such a claim; (ii) your combining the product or fix with a non -Microsoft 
product, data or business process; (iii) damages attributable to the value of the use of a non-Microsoft product, data or business 
process; (iv) your altering the product or fix; (v) your distribution of the product or fix, or its use for the benefit of, any third party; 
(vi) your use of our trademark(s) without express written consent to do so; or (vii) for any trade secret claim, your acquiri ng a 
trade secret (a) through improper means; (b) under circumstances giving rise to a duty to maintain its secrecy or limit its use; or 
(c) from a person (other than us or our affiliates) who owed to the party asserting the claim a duty to maintain the secrecy or limit 
the use of the trade secret. You will reimburse us for any costs or damages that result from these actions. 
 If we receive information concerning an infringement claim related to a commercial product or fix, we may, at our expense and  
without obligation to do so, either (i) procure for you the right to continue to run the allegedly infringing product or fix, or (ii) modify 
the product or fix or replace it with a functional equivalent, to make it non -infringing, in which case you will stop running the 
allegedly infringing product or fix immediately. If, as a result of an infringement claim, your use of a commercial product or fix is 
enjoined by a court of competent jurisdiction, we will, at our option, either procure the right to continue its use, replace it with a 
functional equivalent, modify it to make it non -infringing, or refund the amount paid and terminate t he license for the infringing 
product or fix. 
 If any other type of third party claim is brought against you regarding our intellectual property, you must notify us promptl y in 
writing. We may, at our option, choose to treat these claims as being covered by this section. This Section e provides your 
exclusive remedy for third party infringement and trade secret misappropriation claims. 
f. Limitation of liability. There may be situations in which you have a right to claim damages or payment from Microsoft.  Except 
as otherwise specifically provided in this paragraph, whatever the legal basis for your claim, MicrosoftΓÇÖs liability will be limited, to 
the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to direct damages up to the amount you have paid for the product giving rise 
to the claim. In the case of free product, or code you are authorized to redistribute to third parties without separate payment to 
Microsoft, MicrosoftΓÇÖs total liability to you will not exceed US$5000, or its equivalent in local currency. The limitations contained 
in this paragraph will not apply with respect to the following in connection with the performance of the agreement: 
 (i) our obligations to defend third party claims of patent, copyright or trademark infringement or trade secret misappropriat ion, 
and to pay damages resulting from any final adjudication (or settlement to which we consent) of such claims; 
 (ii) our liability for damages for gross negligence or willful misconduct, to the extent caused by us or our agent and awarde d by 
a court of final adjudication; and 
g. No liability for certain damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, neither you, your affiliates or suppliers, 
nor Microsoft, its affiliates or suppliers will be liable for any indirect damages (including, without limitation, consequential, special 
or incidental damages, damages for loss of profits or revenues, business interruption, or loss of business information) arising in 
connection with any agreement, product, or fix, even if advised of the possibility of such damages or if such po ssibility was 
reasonably foreseeable.  This exclusion of liability does not apply to either partyΓÇÖs liability to the other for violation of  the other 
partyΓÇÖs intellectual property rights.  
h. Application. The limitations on and exclusions of liability for damages set forth herein apply regardless of whether the liability 
is based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability, breach of warranties, or any other legal theory. 
i. Verifying compliance. You must keep records relating to the products you run.  Microsoft has the right to verify compliance 
with these terms and any applicable product use rights, at its expense, during the term of the enrollment and for a period of one 
year thereafter. To do so, Microsoft will engage an independent accountant from a nationally recognized public accounting firm, 
which will be subject to a confidentiality obligation.  Verification will take place upon not fewer than 30 days notice, during normal 
business hours and in a manner that does not interfere unreasonably with your operations.  As an alternative, Microsoft may 
require you to accurately complete its self-audit questionnaire relating to the products you use.   If verification or self-audit reveals 
unlicensed use of products, you must promptly order sufficient licenses to permit all product usage disclosed. If material 
unlicensed use is found (license shortage of 5% or more), you must reimburse Microsoft for the costs it has incurred in verification 
and acquire the necessary additional licenses as single retail licenses within 30 days. If Microsoft undertakes such verifica tion 
and does not find material unlicensed use of products, it will not undertake another such verification for at le ast one year. 
Microsoft and its auditors will use the information obtained in compliance verification only to enforce its rights and to det ermine 
whether you are in compliance with these terms and the product use rights.  By invoking the rights and procedu res described 
above, Microsoft does not waive its rights to enforce these terms or the product use rights, or to protect its intellectual p roperty 
by any other means permitted by law. 
j. Dispute Resolution; Applicable Law . This Participation Agreement will be governed and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction whose law governs the agreement.  You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and 
federal courts located in such jurisdiction.  This choice of jurisdiction does not prevent either party from seeking injunctive relief 
with respect to a violation of intellectual property rights in any appropriate jurisdiction. The 1980 United Nations Convention on 
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and its related instruments will not apply to this agreement or any license entered 
into with Microsoft or its affiliates under this agreement.  

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
3 
Your violation of the above-referenced terms and conditions will be deemed to be a breach of this Participation Agreement and will be 
grounds for immediate termination of all rights granted hereunder. 
Dated as of %HotelApprovedDate%. 
 
CUSTOMER: 
%LegalEntity% 
 
 
 
By: %HotelApproverSignature% 
 
 
Name: 
 
%HotelApproverName%  
 
 
Title: 
 
%HotelApproverTitle% 
 
 
Date: 
 
%HotelApprovedDate%  
 

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)  Inn Code/Project: 
%InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
1 
SCHEDULE C-2 
JOINDER TO PREFERRED PROVIDER AGREEMENT 
The undersigned HSS Customer is acting as a n Eligible Recipient (as defined in the Agreement) to acquire Products (as defined in the 
Agreement) under the terms of the Master Professional Products and Services Agreement, including any amendments and Supplements 
entered into thereunder (the ΓÇ£Insight AgreementΓÇ¥) between Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc, the successor in interest to HDOC 
and Insight Direct USA, Inc. (ΓÇ£ Preferred Service ProviderΓÇ¥).  As such Eligible Recipient, the undersigned joins in the Insight Agreement 
for the limited purpose of acknowledging and agreeing to be bound by and receive the benefits of the terms of the Insight Agr eement to 
the extent of the rights, duties and responsibilities of a n Eligible Recipient provided therein.  The Eligible Recipient acknowledges and 
agrees that any dispute arisi ng out of or relating to the Insight Agreement and any Products or Services provided by Preferred Service 
Provider to the Eligible Recipient will be resolved in accordance with Article 19 of the Insight Agreement.  HDOC will have the right to 
enforce th e Insight Agreement on behalf of the Eligible Recipient, subject to the limitations of liability applicable under th e Insight 
Agreement, and Eligible Recipient will bring no claim directly against HDOC or Preferred Service Provider in connection with the Insi ght 
Agreement, except for Eligible RecipientΓÇÖs right to seek indemnity against Preferred Service Provider under the express provi sions of 
Sections 17.1 and 17.3 of the Insight Agreement.  HDOC will be a third party beneficiary of this Joinder and the Information Technology 
System Agreement between Eligible Recipient and Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC.  For the avoidance of doubt, except as set forth in the 
preceding sentence, this Joinder and the Information Technology System Agreement are for the sole benefit of the Eligible Recipient and 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC, and will not be deemed to create any third party beneficiary rights for any person other than the Eligible 
Recipient and Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Eligible Recipient, acting through its duly authorized officer or representative, has executed this Joinder, 
on %HotelApprovedDate%. 
 
CUSTOMER: 
%LegalEntity% 
 
 
By: %HotelApproverSignature% 
 
Name: 
 
%HotelApproverName%  
 
Title: 
 
%HotelApproverTitle% 
 
Date: 
 
%HotelApprovedDate%  

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
1 
 
SCHEDULE D 
FORM OF REQUEST FOR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES 
Date:  
INNCODE  
Name of Customer:  
Address of Customer:    
Dear  : 
This Letter Agreement (ΓÇ£Letter AgreementΓÇ¥) confirms your request to purchase, lease, use, license or sublicense (ΓÇ£AcquireΓÇ¥) additional 
software and/or services in order to add options, features and/or systems (ΓÇ£AdditionsΓÇ¥) to the Information System, and will constitute an 
amendment to the existing Hilton Information Technology System Agreement previously entered into between  (ΓÇ£CustomerΓÇ¥) and Hilton 
Systems Solutions, LLC (ΓÇ£HSSΓÇ¥) dated (the ΓÇ£AgreementΓÇ¥). 
It is agreed that you will Acquire the Additions and that you will be billed by HSS or the applicable vendor for the Addition s, as listed 
below.  The effective date of billing on the new items will be the date the equipment is shipped, the date upon which you Acquire the 
Additions, and/or the date upon which you request the Additions, whichever is earliest.  
QTY ITEM OF /SOFTWARE/EQUIPMENT FEES/COSTS MONTHLY 
MAINT. 
    
    
TOTAL PRICE   
The prices shown above exclude taxes, travel expenses, per diem fees, related costs, insurance and shipping. 
Travel Expenses / Per Diem Fees/Rescheduling 
If the Additions require travel by HSS and/or the applicable vendor, you will pay for or promptly reimburse any travel expenses, per diem 
fees  and related costs of HDOC, HSS, any vendor hereunder or their designees, including without limitation:  round -trip airfare (due to 
frequent scheduling changes, HSS is often unable to book airline tickets more than one week in advance of travel); sin gle room 
accommodations (if the Hotel cannot provide accommodations, comparable accommodations will be utilized); meals; ground 
transportation (all ground transportation required to get to and from the Hotel as well as transportation used during HSSΓÇÖ representativesΓÇÖ 
stay at the Hotel); tips; taxes; and miscellaneous expenses (including phone, internet, laundry, etc.) 
Promptly following HSSΓÇÖ providing of the services described in this schedule where not previously paid for or reimbursed by h otel, an 
invoice will be submitted to Customer for HSSΓÇÖ representativesΓÇÖ out -of-pocket expenses, any additional per diem  charges for its 
representatives, any re -scheduling fee, and any additional travel expenses as described herein, which invoice will be payable within 
fifteen days of CustomerΓÇÖs receipt of same.  
Notes:   
If Customer attaches or uses third party equipment and/or interfaces with the Authorized Equipment which have not been certif ied or 
approved by HSS as meeting HSSΓÇÖ specifications and/or does not conform to the standards provided by the supplier of any of t he 
Agreement Products and Services or if Customer installs other third party non -HSS proprietary software which has not been certified or 
approved by HSS as meeting HSSΓÇÖ specifications on the equipment or that does not conform to the standards provided by the supplier 
of any of the Agreement Products and Services, the software may need to be reconfigured and the entire cost of the reconfigur ation will 
be borne by Customer.  
All fees indicated are exclusive of applicable taxes (see Agreement sections on taxes).  Unless otherwise specified by HSS in  writing, 
Customer will make all payments in United States dollars to HSS or any other party designated by HSS in its sole discretion.  
Customer will pay according to the terms of any invoice(s) submitted to Customer therefore, including any provision for late charges, the 
fee for the installation of any telephone line(s) or wide area network connection(s) necessary for connection of the Authorized Equipment. 
Customer will purchase and replace, from any source, paper, ribbons, printer maintenance kits, toner and such other operating  supplies 
as will be required for the operation of the Authorized Equipment, but Customer will utilize only such brands as are appr oved by HSS or 
the Authorized Equipment manufacturer. 
Upon HSSΓÇÖ receipt of a copy of this Letter Agreement signed by a duly authorized representative of Customer, the Agreement wi ll be 
deemed to have been automatically amended to incorporate the items of this Letter Agreement.  Customer agrees that CustomerΓÇÖs  
delivery to HSS by facsimile transmission of this Letter Agreement will be deemed to be as effective for all purposes as hand  delivery of 
the manually executed Letter Agreement and that the terms of this Letter Agreement will be binding upon Customer without the necessity 
of any further action by HSS.  This Letter Agreement will be effective as of the date inserted by Customer below.  

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)   Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: %Version% 
2 
 
Customer may be required to sign additional license agreements with the vendors or licensors of Certified Third Party Software.  
  
Certain Other Equipment (for orders of $5,000 or greater) may be leased by Customer.  Any such leases will  be entered into between 
Customer and the applicable lessor.  Neither HSS nor Hilton will be a party to such leases.  
In addition to any other specific purchase terms required by a retailer of the Additions, the following purchase terms and co nditions will 
apply to any Other Equipment obtained from a Preferred Provider (as that term is defined in the Agreement.  The Other  Equipment will 
be at all times, personal property which will not, by reason of connection to the Hotel, become a fixture or appurtenance to the Hotel, and 
until such time as Customer or its designated third party pays to the Preferred Provider the total sum for the Other Equipment as required 
hereunder, the Other Equipment will remain the property of the Preferred Provider, and title will remain with the Preferred P rovider, free 
from any claims of Customer or the holder of any lien or encumbrance on the Ho tel and/or any other property of Customer.  Customer 
will maintain fire, extended coverage, vandalism, and malicious mischief insurance on the Other Equipment.  Said insurance wi ll name 
HSS as an additional insured.  For so long as this obligation remains in effect, Customer will furnish to HSS a certificate of the insurance 
carrier describing the terms and coverage of the insurance in force, the persons insured, and the fact that the coverage may not be 
canceled, altered or permitted to lapse or expire without thirty (30) days advance written notice to HSS.  Upon payment in full, title to the 
Other Equipment will vest in the Customer and will be free and clear of the above requirements relating to insurance and of a ll of the 
Preferred ProviderΓÇÖs liens, claims and encumbrances and the Other Equipment will become the sole property of Customer.  
NEITHER THE AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT NOR THE PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE OR CERTIFIED THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE WILL 
BE SHIPPED, NOR WILL CUSTOMER HAVE USE OF THE PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE MODULE OR ANY EQUIPMENT LISTED IN 
THIS LETTER AGREEMENT UNTIL HSS RECEIVES A COPY OF THIS LETTER AGREEMENT SIGNED BY CUSTOMER. 
To indicate CustomerΓÇÖs acceptance of this Letter Agreement, please have it signed by an authorized representative of Customer  and 
return it to me.  Upon HSSΓÇÖ receipt of the executed Letter Agreement, you will be advised of the shipment and installation dates. 
If you have any questions, please contact me at ____________________. 
Sincerely, 
 
HSS 
Hilton Systems Solutions, LLC  
CUSTOMER: 
 
 
By:  
 
By:  
 
Name:  
 
Name:  
 
Title:  
 
Title:  
 
Date:  
 
Date:  

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)    Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: 
%Version% 
1 
SCHEDULE K  
CURIO OR CANOPY OR TAPESTRY OR SIGNIA OR GRADUATE BY HILTON OR NOMAD OR  
OUTSET COLLECTION BY HILTON 
AUTHORIZED EQUIPMENT REFRESH  
In connection with the Information Technology Systems Agreement (the ΓÇ£HITS AgreementΓÇ¥) entered into between HSS and Customer for 
CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel (and if applicable, in anticipation of the HotelΓÇÖs conversion and rebranding as a Curio, Canopy, Tapestry, Signia, Nomad 
or Outset Collection by Hilton Brand Hotel), Customer provided the Authorized Equipment as defined in the HITS Agreement needed, as 
determined solely by HSS, for the network operation of PEP licensed by HSS, all as described in the HITS Agreement, for the internal 
operation of CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel. 
In order that CustomerΓÇÖs Authorized Equipment will maintain compatibility with PEP and with updates to such software and in an effort to 
minimize CustomerΓÇÖs expenditures for maintenance and repair associated with older, out of warranty equipment, HSS plans for 
CustomerΓÇÖs Authorized Equipment to be replaced or refreshed by Customer on an  approximate three (3) year cycle, commencing 
approximately three (3) years following CustomerΓÇÖs initial shipment of Authorized Equipment (the ΓÇ£RefreshΓÇ¥).  Customer's Refresh will be 
timed to occur prior to the end of the three (3) year cycle.  If Customer fails to meet HSS's timeline for such Refresh, including order dates 
for equipment and software, Customer will be responsible for all fees and costs incident to such delay, including, but not limited to, rent 
extension costs on Network Authorized Equipment and higher fees and costs for equipment maintenance and software maintenance. 
Accordingly, in conjunction with any Refresh, Customer commits to the following: 
1. Equipment Acquisition and Installation .  Customer will purchase or lease the Authorized Equipment for use by CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel, 
including, but not limited to, as required for any Refresh, and will pay any shipping and transportation costs for such equipment.  Customer 
is responsible for the fees and costs for installation services relative to all such Authorized Equipment as well as any other equipment (as 
described in the HITS Agreement) used by Customer. 
2. CustomerΓÇÖs Additional Obligations.  Customer will: 
(a) Perform all of its obligations under the HITS Agreement (including any amendments thereto), including, but not 
limited to, being fully responsible for maintenance of the Authorized Equipment using the designated Preferred Provider 
as defined in the HITS Agreement. 
(b) Obtain and keep current insurance on the Authorized Equipment against all risks for the approximate value of the 
Authorized Equipment 
(c) Pay any and all taxes (such as personal property and sales taxes) incident to the Authorized Equipment.   
(d) Pay for any and all de -installation, transportation and disposal costs of any Authorized Equipment currently being 
used by CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel at the time of installation by Customer of any new Authorized Equipment.  It is also 
CustomerΓÇÖs responsibility to handle the return to CustomerΓÇÖs lessor of all such de -installed equipment in accordance 
with CustomerΓÇÖs current lease terms.  Customer will be solely responsible for any missing, bad or damaged equipment. 
(e) Preserve and protect the Authorized Equipment from loss, damage or theft. 
(f) Not use any unauthorized backup in connection with the Authorized Equipment.   
(g) Make no unapproved repairs nor perform any unauthorized service to the Authorized Equipment. 
(h) Not allow any other equipment or software to be added to PEP or the Proprietary Software and/or Authorized 
Equipment without prior specific written permission of HSS. 
(i) Allow the removal and future refreshment of Network Authorized Equipment at such time and in such manner as 
may be determined by HSS in its sole discretion. 
3. CustomerΓÇÖs Conditions. Any Refresh is conditioned on the following:   
(a) CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel remains in the Curio, Canopy, Tapestry, Signia, Nomad or Outset Collection by Hilton Brand division of HDOC or 
its affiliate or subsidiary (after conversion and rebranding if applicable). 
(b) Customer remains bound by the HITS Agreement and any amendments in force at the time of a Refresh.   

HITS Agreement (AMER ΓÇô US&CA - PEP) (Legal Version 06.2024)    Inn Code/Project: %InnCodeProj% Version: 
%Version% 
2 
(c) If applicable, Customer must complete the HotelΓÇÖs conversion and rebranding as a Curio, Canopy, Tapestry, Signia, 
Nomad or Outset Collection by Hilton Brand Hotel. 
4. Additional Equipment/Software . Any and all additional Authorized Equipment (ΓÇ£ Standard Plus Equipment ΓÇ¥) may be purchased by 
Customer from a Preferred Provider. Any and all additional Certified Third Party Software authorized by HSS but not included in the Brand 
standard applicable to Customer (ΓÇ£Standard Plus SoftwareΓÇ¥), may be licensed or sublicensed from HSS or a Preferred Provider.   
5. Defined Terms. All capitalized terms used herein which are not specially defined will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the 
HITS Agreement. 
6. Other Important Provisions. This Schedule is a schedule to the HITS Agreement.  The Refresh and its performance by the parties are 
a part of the transactions contemplated by the HITS Agreement.  Upon CustomerΓÇÖs Refresh of Authorized Equipment, the terms an d 
conditions applicable to any equipment, software or services provided for the Refresh will be the same as the terms and conditions of the 
HITS Agreement and this Schedule.  All terms and provisions hereof will apply as if the provisions of this Refres h were implemented on 
the Start Date (the shipment date of the Authorized Equipment to CustomerΓÇÖs Hotel) for each such Refresh.  CustomerΓÇÖs partici pation in 
a Refresh will constitute acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Refresh. In the event of conflict between the provisions of this 
Schedule and the provisions of the HITS Agreement, the provisions of this Schedule will prevail. 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT H-1

Curio - Hotels - Brand
Standards - Global
05 January 2026


Curio - Hotels Standards - Global
Main Table of
Contents
Summary of
Changes
100
THE BRAND
EXPERIENCE
200
GUEST
SERVICES
300
GUEST ROOM
AND
BATHROOM
400
FOOD AND
BEVERAGE
500
WELLNESS,
RECREATION,
AND
ENTERTAINMEN
T
600
MEETINGS AND
EVENTS
700
BUILDING
OPERATIONS
AND
INFRASTRUCTU
RE
800
IDENTITY,
SALES, AND
DISTRIBUTION
900
ACCESSIBILITY,
SAFETY AND
SECURITY
1000
NOT
APPLICABLE TO
THIS BRAND
1100
NOT
APPLICABLE TO
THIS BRAND
1200
ALL-INCLUSIVE
FOOD AND
BEVERAGE
2500
DESIGN,
CONSTRUCTIO
N &
RENOVATION
Glossary
Curio - Hotels Standards - Global
2 CONFIDENTIAL Curio - Hotels - Brand Standards - Global Effective January 05, 2026

Curio - Hotels Brand Standards - Global Table of Contents
Summary of Changes
Summary of Changes ................................................................................................................................ Summary-1
100 THE BRAND EXPERIENCE
101.00 CORE STANDARDS............................................................................................................................... 100-2
102.00 RESORT DESIGNATIONS ..................................................................................................................... 100-2
103.00 QUALITY ASSURANCE ......................................................................................................................... 100-4
104.00 PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PLAN ........................................................................................................ 100-8
105.00 STRUCTURE AND D├ëCOR ................................................................................................................... 100-8
106.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 100-9
107.00 LEADERSHIP ......................................................................................................................................... 100-9
108.00 TEAM MEMBERS ................................................................................................................................. 100-11
109.00 TRAINING ............................................................................................................................................. 100-12
110.00 ACCORDANCE WITH LOCAL LAW ..................................................................................................... 100-39
111.00 HILTON HONORS ................................................................................................................................. 100-39
112.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND ................................................................................................... 100-52
113.00 SERVICE RECOVERY.......................................................................................................................... 100-52
114.00 GUEST ASSISTANCE........................................................................................................................... 100-54
200 GUEST SERVICES
201.00 CONCIERGE SERVICES ....................................................................................................................... 200-2
202.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-2
203.00 DRY CLEANING AND LAUNDRY SERVICE.......................................................................................... 200-2
204.00 FRONT DESK ......................................................................................................................................... 200-2
205.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-4
206.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-4
Curio - Hotels Brand Standards - Global Table of Contents
3 CONFIDENTIAL Curio - Hotels - Brand Standards - Global Effective January 05, 2026

207.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-4
208.00 LUGGAGE SERVICES ........................................................................................................................... 200-4
209.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-4
210.00 PARKING ................................................................................................................................................ 200-4
211.00 PET POLICIES AND AMENITIES........................................................................................................... 200-4
212.00 VENDING / ICE MACHINE OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS............................................................. 200-6
213.00 RETAIL / BOUTIQUES............................................................................................................................ 200-6
214.00 THIRD-PARTY CONCESSIONAIRE....................................................................................................... 200-6
215.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-7
216.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-7
217.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-7
218.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-7
219.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-7
220.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-7
221.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-7
222.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 200-7
223.00 ACTIVITIES DESK.................................................................................................................................. 200-7
224.00 DESTINATION MANAGEMENT COMPANY DESKS (TOUR OPERATOR/WHOLESALE).................... 200-7
300 GUEST ROOM AND BATHROOM
301.00 ROOM CATEGORIES............................................................................................................................. 300-2
302.00 CLOSET / ARMOIRE .............................................................................................................................. 300-2
303.00 IN-ROOM COFFEE AND TEA SERVICE ............................................................................................... 300-5
304.00 GUEST ROOM ACCESSORIES............................................................................................................. 300-8
305.00 THE BED................................................................................................................................................. 300-9
306.00 SOFA BED ............................................................................................................................................ 300-25
307.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 300-25
308.00 CRIBS / BABY COTS............................................................................................................................ 300-25
309.00 BATHROOM ACCESSORIES AND EXPENDABLES........................................................................... 300-26
310.00 BATH AMENITIES ................................................................................................................................ 300-28
311.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND ................................................................................................... 300-33
312.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 300-33
Curio - Hotels Brand Standards - Global Table of Contents
4 CONFIDENTIAL Curio - Hotels - Brand Standards - Global Effective January 05, 2026

313.00 AMENITIES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST ......................................................................................... 300-33
314.00 BATH TERRY........................................................................................................................................ 300-34
315.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 300-36
316.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 300-36
317.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 300-36
318.00 IN-ROOM FITNESS .............................................................................................................................. 300-36
400 FOOD AND BEVERAGE
401.00 SERVICE OFFERINGS .......................................................................................................................... 400-2
402.00 SAFETY AND SANITATION.................................................................................................................... 400-4
403.00 IN-ROOM DINING................................................................................................................................... 400-6
404.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 400-6
405.00 BAR / LOUNGE....................................................................................................................................... 400-6
406.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 400-6
407.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 400-6
408.00 FOOD AND BEVERAGE RETAIL MARKET / CAFE .............................................................................. 400-6
409.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 400-7
410.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 400-7
411.00 GUEST ROOM REFRESHMENT CENTER............................................................................................ 400-7
500 WELLNESS, RECREATION, AND ENTERTAINMENT
501.00 SWIMMING POOL AND WHIRLPOOL .................................................................................................. 500-2
502.00 FITNESS CENTER ................................................................................................................................. 500-3
503.00 SPA ....................................................................................................................................................... 500-11
504.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 500-11
505.00 TENNIS / RACQUETBALL.................................................................................................................... 500-11
506.00 GOLF .................................................................................................................................................... 500-11
507.00 KIDS CLUB / TEENS CLUB.................................................................................................................. 500-11
508.00 ACTIVITIES........................................................................................................................................... 500-11
509.00 NON-MOTORIZED WATER SPORTS .................................................................................................. 500-11
Curio - Hotels Brand Standards - Global Table of Contents
5 CONFIDENTIAL Curio - Hotels - Brand Standards - Global Effective January 05, 2026

510.00 ENTERTAINMENT CONCEPTS........................................................................................................... 500-11
511.00 NIGHTCLUB / DISCO ........................................................................................................................... 500-12
512.00 THEATER.............................................................................................................................................. 500-12
600 MEETINGS AND EVENTS
601.00 GROUP AND MEETING INQUIRIES...................................................................................................... 600-2
602.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 600-2
603.00 MEETING PREPARATIONS AND FACILITATION.................................................................................. 600-2
604.00 MEETING PLANNER SURVEY .............................................................................................................. 600-3
700 BUILDING OPERATIONS AND INFRASTRUCTURE
701.00 CALL ACCOUNTING SYSTEM .............................................................................................................. 700-2
702.00 PRIVATE AUTOMATED BRANCH EXCHANGE..................................................................................... 700-2
703.00 VOICE MESSAGING SYSTEM .............................................................................................................. 700-4
704.00 WAKE-UP CALLS ................................................................................................................................... 700-4
705.00 ON-PROPERTY SALES AND EVENT EXECUTION SOFTWARE ........................................................ 700-4
706.00 POINT OF SALE SYSTEM ..................................................................................................................... 700-5
707.00 PROPERTY MANAGEMENT TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... 700-5
708.00 EMAIL ACCOUNTS ................................................................................................................................ 700-8
709.00 DIGITAL .................................................................................................................................................. 700-9
710.00 INTERNET ACCESS ............................................................................................................................ 700-13
711.00 PUBLIC SPACE MUSIC AND ON-HOLD MESSAGING....................................................................... 700-16
712.00 TELEPHONES ...................................................................................................................................... 700-16
713.00 TELEVISIONS....................................................................................................................................... 700-19
714.00 TRANSFER LOUNGE........................................................................................................................... 700-25
715.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 700-25
716.00 GUEST LAUNDRY................................................................................................................................ 700-25
717.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 700-25
718.00 AMENITIES........................................................................................................................................... 700-25
719.00 SMOKING POLICY ............................................................................................................................... 700-25
Curio - Hotels Brand Standards - Global Table of Contents
6 CONFIDENTIAL Curio - Hotels - Brand Standards - Global Effective January 05, 2026

720.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 700-26
721.00 PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ 700-26
722.00 HOUSEKEEPING ................................................................................................................................. 700-27
723.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 700-32
724.00 INTERIOR D├ëCOR AND ACCESSORIES ........................................................................................... 700-32
725.00 SUSTAINABILITY ................................................................................................................................. 700-32
726.00 SIGNAGE.............................................................................................................................................. 700-35
727.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 700-36
728.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND................................................................................................... 700-36
729.00 BUSINESS CENTER ............................................................................................................................ 700-36
800 IDENTITY, SALES, AND DISTRIBUTION
801.00 HILTON TRADEMARKS AND LOGOS................................................................................................... 800-2
802.00 BRAND IDENTITY .................................................................................................................................. 800-2
803.00 BRAND TRADEMARKS.......................................................................................................................... 800-2
804.00 BRAND PUBLIC RELATIONS ................................................................................................................ 800-2
805.00 ADVERTISING........................................................................................................................................ 800-3
806.00 PROPERTY COLLATERAL AND IDENTITY ITEMS .............................................................................. 800-4
807.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND..................................................................................................... 800-9
808.00 PROPERTY WEBSITE ........................................................................................................................... 800-9
809.00 MICROSITES........................................................................................................................................ 800-11
810.00 MOBILE APPLICATIONS...................................................................................................................... 800-13
811.00 BRAND CLUSTER SITES..................................................................................................................... 800-13
812.00 ONLINE IMAGERY ............................................................................................................................... 800-13
813.00 SOCIAL MEDIA..................................................................................................................................... 800-15
814.00 ROOM RATES ...................................................................................................................................... 800-17
815.00 PROPERTY INFORMATION................................................................................................................. 800-23
816.00 RESERVATIONS PROCESSING.......................................................................................................... 800-23
817.00 ACCREDITED INTERMEDIARIES, CHANNELS, AND PRODUCTS................................................... 800-26
818.00 DISTRIBUTION..................................................................................................................................... 800-26
819.00 DEMAND GENERATION AND ECOMMERCE..................................................................................... 800-27
820.00 SALES PROGRAMS............................................................................................................................. 800-28
Curio - Hotels Brand Standards - Global Table of Contents
7 CONFIDENTIAL Curio - Hotels - Brand Standards - Global Effective January 05, 2026

821.00 TRAVEL AGENT COMMISSION PROGRAM....................................................................................... 800-33
822.00 GO HILTON........................................................................................................................................... 800-34
823.00 OWNER'S RECOGNITION PROGRAM ............................................................................................... 800-38
900 ACCESSIBILITY, SAFETY AND SECURITY
901.00 BUILDING CODE AND GOVERNMENT REGULATION ........................................................................ 900-2
902.00 ACCESSIBILITY ..................................................................................................................................... 900-2
903.00 EMERGENCY RESPONSE AND CRISIS INCIDENT PLANNING ....................................................... 900-17
904.00 FIRE LIFE SAFETY .............................................................................................................................. 900-21
905.00 SKYLIGHT INSPECTION ..................................................................................................................... 900-23
906.00 SECURITY TEAM MEMBERS.............................................................................................................. 900-23
907.00 GUEST ROOM SECURITY .................................................................................................................. 900-23
908.00 KEY CONTROL & ELECTRONIC LOCK SYSTEM .............................................................................. 900-24
909.00 LOST AND FOUND .............................................................................................................................. 900-25
910.00 PROPERTY ACCESS........................................................................................................................... 900-25
911.00 INFORMATION PRIVACY AND DATA PROTECTION.......................................................................... 900-25
912.00 INSURANCE ......................................................................................................................................... 900-49
913.00 TEAM MEMBER SECURITY ................................................................................................................ 900-59
914.00 RISK MITIGATION PLAN...................................................................................................................... 900-59
1000 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND
1100 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND
1200 ALL-INCLUSIVE FOOD AND BEVERAGE
1201.00 FOOD AND BEVERAGE BRAND AND SERVICE EXPERIENCE ..................................................... 1200-2
1202.00 BUFFET RESTAURANT CONCEPTS ................................................................................................ 1200-3
1203.00 SPECIALTY RESTAURANT CONCEPTS........................................................................................... 1200-5
Curio - Hotels Brand Standards - Global Table of Contents
8 CONFIDENTIAL Curio - Hotels - Brand Standards - Global Effective January 05, 2026

1204.00 POOLSIDE FOOD AND BEVERAGE ................................................................................................. 1200-7
1205.00 GRAB-AND-GO MARKET CONCEPT................................................................................................ 1200-7
1206.00 IN-ROOM DINING............................................................................................................................... 1200-8
1207.00 IN-ROOM PRODUCT ......................................................................................................................... 1200-9
1208.00 SAFETY AND SANITATION.............................................................................................................. 1200-10
1209.00 PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS.......................................................................................................... 1200-12
1210.00 ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGE SPECIFICATIONS.................................................................................. 1200-15
2500 DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION & RENOVATION
2500.00 DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION & RENOVATION PREAMBLE ............................................................... 2500-2
2501.00 EXTERIOR.......................................................................................................................................... 2500-6
2502.00 LOBBY AREA ................................................................................................................................... 2500-17
2503.00 PUBLIC RESTROOMS ..................................................................................................................... 2500-32
2504.00 FOOD AND BEVERAGE .................................................................................................................. 2500-36
2505.00 EXECUTIVE LOUNGE...................................................................................................................... 2500-52
2506.00 COMMERCIAL FACILITIES.............................................................................................................. 2500-52
2507.00 MEETING FACILITIES...................................................................................................................... 2500-57
2508.00 RECREATIONAL FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... 2500-73
2509.00 CIRCULATION .................................................................................................................................. 2500-88
2510.00 GUESTROOM/SUITES..................................................................................................................... 2500-99
2511.00 NOT APPLICABLE TO THIS BRAND ............................................................................................. 2500-124
2512.00 GUEST BATHROOM ...................................................................................................................... 2500-124
2513.00 BACK-OF-HOUSE .......................................................................................................................... 2500-141
2514.00 TECHNICAL CRITERIA .................................................................................................................. 2500-162
2515.00 FURNISHINGS, FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT............................................................................. 2500-270
2516.00 FIRE PROTECTION AND LIFE SAFETY REQUIREMENTS ......................................................... 2500-293
2517.00 ACCESSIBILITY GUIDELINES....................................................................................................... 2500-333
2518.00 TECHNOLOGY WIRING STANDARDS.......................................................................................... 2500-333
2519.00 SIGNAGE AND GRAPHICS ........................................................................................................... 2500-347
Curio - Hotels Brand Standards - Global Table of Contents
9 CONFIDENTIAL Curio - Hotels - Brand Standards - Global Effective January 05, 2026

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT H-2

page  01
table of contents
INTRO 02
HOW TO USE THESE GUIDELINES 03
OUR NAME 04
BRAND VOICE 05
OUR LOGO  06
Colors	 07
Minimum	Size	&	Clear	Space	 08
Trademark	 09
Correct	Usage	 10
OUR TAGLINE 11
OUR COLORS 12
OUR TYPEFACE 
Primary	 13 	
Secondary	 14
International	 15
Web	Font	 16
OUR BRAND PHOTOGRAPHY 
Portrait	 18
Still-life	 21
Gradient	Effect	on	Portrait	 21 	
Still-life	Composition	 22 	
GRAPHIC SYSTEM
Spa	Collateral	Overview	 23
Stationery	System	 24
Treatment	Menu	 25
Salon	Menu	 26
Gifting	 27
Appointment	&	Referral	Cards	 28
Direct	Mailer	 29
Thank	Y ou	Card	 30
Banners	&	Posters	 31
Wellness	Tip	Cards	 32
Digital	Collateral	 33
BRAND COPY 34
EFOREA SPA BRAND TEAM 40

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
EXHIBIT  H-3

1  
RESTAURANT BRANDS MANUAL 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Rev. 1 ΓÇô January 18, 2024 
 
 
01 Section 1 ΓÇô Concept Positioning (16 pages1) 
 a. Concept Statement 
b. Concept Inspiration 
c. Positioning Overview 
d. Service Program Summary 
e. Uniform Direction 
f. Uniform Program Details and Purchasing Guidelines 
g. Operating Supplies & Equipment (OS&E) Direction 
h. Restaurant (FOH) OS&E Program Details, Selections, and Order Guide 
i. Music Programming and Playlists 
j. Signature Concept-Specific Rituals and Activations 
02 Section 2 ΓÇô Food and Beverage Program (18 pages) 
 a. Food and Beverage Program Overview. 
b. Food and Beverage Program Inspiration and Positioning 
c. Breakfast Meal Period Summary 
i. Breakfast Mood Board and Reference Imagery 
ii. Sample Breakfast Menu 
iii. Operating Breakfast Menu and Supporting Recipe Cards 
d. All Day (Lunch and Dinner) Meal Period Summary 
i. Lunch Mood Board and Reference Imagery 
ii. Dinner Mood Board and Reference Imagery 
iii. Sample Lunch and Dinner Menus 
iv. Operating Lunch Menu and Supporting Recipe Cards 
v. Operating Dinner Menu and Supporting Recipe Cards 
e. Beverage Program Summary 
f. Beverage Mood Board and Reference Imagery. 
i. Operating Beverage (Cocktail, Beer, Wine, Spirits, and Non-Alcoholic 
Menus and Supporting Recipe Cards 
 
03 Section 03 ΓÇô Interior Design (may appear within Section 1, 16 pages) 
 a. Interior Design Concept Overview 
b. Interior Design References and Reference Imagery 
c. Sample Restaurant Interior Floor Plans 
d. Sample Restaurant Renderings 
e. Sample RCPs, Lighting Plans, and Finish/Material Direction 
f. Kitchen / BOH Design, Layouts, and Equipment Specifications 
 
 
1 Current maximum number of pages by Restaurant Brand. 

2  
04 Section 04 ΓÇô Brand Identity, Visual Guidelines, and Assets (44 pages) 
 a. Naming Framework 
b. Color Palate and Textures 
c. Typefaces 
d. Iconography 
e. Rendered Collateral ΓÇô Menus and other Printed Materials 
f. Restaurant Signage Guidelines 
g. Digital, Web, and Website Guidance 
05 Section 05 ΓÇô Restaurant Food and Beverage Menu Item and Recipe Library 
 Not mandatory, as applicable. 
 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT I 

STATE FRANCHISE ADMINISTRATORS 
AND AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS 
 
  1 2026 US FDD All Brands 
State State Franchise Administrator Agent for Service of Process 
California Commissioner 
Department of Financial Protection and 
Innovation 
320 West 4th Street, Suite 750 
Los Angeles, CA  90013-2344 
866-275-2677 
 
One Sansome Street, Suite 600 
San Francisco, CA 94104-4428 
415-972-8565 
Commissioner 
Department of Financial Protection and 
Innovation 
320 West 4th Street, Suite 750 
Los Angeles, CA  90013-2344 
866-275-2677 
 
2101 Arena Blvd. 
Sacramento, CA  95834 
866-275-2677 
Hawaii Commissioner of Securities 
Dept. of Commerce & Consumer Affairs 
Business Registration Division 
Securities Compliance Branch 
King Kalakaua Building 
335 Merchant Street, Room 205 
Honolulu, HI  96813 
808-586-2722 
Commissioner of Securities 
Dept. of Commerce & Consumer Affairs 
Business Registration Division 
Securities Compliance Branch 
King Kalakaua Building 
335 Merchant Street, Room 205 
Honolulu, HI  96813 
808-586-2722 
Illinois Office of the Attorney General 
Franchise Bureau 
500 South Second Street 
Springfield, IL  62701 
217-782-4465 
Attorney General 
500 South Second Street 
Springfield, IL  62701 
217-782-4465 
Indiana Secretary of State 
Securities Division, Franchise Section 
302 West Washington, Room E-111 
Indianapolis, IN  46204 
317-232-6681 
Secretary of State 
Securities Division, Franchise Section 
302 West Washington, Room E-111 
Indianapolis, IN  46204 
317-232-6681 
Maryland Office of the Attorney General 
Division of Securities 
200 St. Paul Place 
Baltimore, MD  21202-2020 
410-576-6360 
Maryland Securities Commissioner 
200 St. Paul Place 
Baltimore, MD  21202-2020 
410-576-6360 
Michigan Michigan Office of Attorney General 
Consumer Protection Division,  
Franchise Section 
525 West Ottawa Street 
G. Mennen Williams Building, 1st Floor 
Lansing, MI  48909 
517-373-7622 
Michigan Office of Attorney General 
Consumer Protection Division 
Franchise Section 
525 West Ottawa Street 
G. Mennen Williams Building, 1st Floor 
Lansing, MI  48909 
517-373-7622 
Minnesota Commissioner of Commerce 
Department of Commerce 
85 7th Place East, Suite 280 
St. Paul, MN  55101 
651-539-1500 
Commissioner of Commerce  
Department of Commerce 
85 7th Place East, Suite 280 
St. Paul, MN  55101 
651-539-1500 

STATE FRANCHISE ADMINISTRATORS 
AND AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS 
 
  2 2026 US FDD All Brands 
State State Franchise Administrator Agent for Service of Process 
New York New York State Department of Law 
Investor Protection Bureau 
28 Liberty Street, 21st Floor 
New York, NY 10005 
212-416-8285 
Attention:  New York Secretary of State 
Department of State 
Division of Corporations 
One Commerce Plaza, 6th Floor 
99 Washington Avenue 
Albany, NY  12231-0001 
518-473-2492 
North Dakota North Dakota Insurance & Securities 
Department 
600 East Boulevard Avenue, Dept. 401 
Bismarck, North Dakota 58505 
701-328-2910  
Insurance Commissioner 
600 East Boulevard Avenue, Dept. 401 
Bismarck, North Dakota 58505 
701-328-2910 
Rhode Island Department of Business Regulation 
Securities Division 
Bldg. 69, 1st Floor, John O. Pastore Center 
1511 Pontiac Avenue 
Cranston, RI  02920 
401-462-9527 
Director of Dept. of Business Regulation 
Securities Division 
Bldg. 69, 1st Floor, John O. Pastore Center 
1511 Pontiac Avenue 
Cranston, RI  02920 
401-462-9527 
South Dakota Department of Labor and Regulation 
Division of Insurance 
Securities Regulation 
124 S. Euclid, 2nd Floor 
Pierre, SD  57501 
605-773-3563 
Division of Insurance  
Director of Securities Regulation  
124 S. Euclid Avenue, 2nd Floor  
Pierre, South Dakota 57501  
(605) 773-3563 
Virginia State Corporation Commission 
Division of Securities and Retail Franchising 
1300 East Main Street, 9th Floor 
Richmond, VA  23219 
804-371-9051 
Clerk of State Corporation Commission 
1300 East Main Street, 1st Floor 
Richmond, VA  23219 
804-371-9733 
Washington Department of Financial Institutions 
Securities Division ΓÇô 3rd Floor 
150 Israel Road, S.W. 
Tumwater, WA  98501 
360-902-8760 
 
Mailing Address: 
Securities Division 
PO BOX 41200 
Olympia, WA  98504-1200 
Director of Dept. of Financial Institutions 
Securities Division ΓÇô 3rd Floor 
150 Israel Road, S.W. 
Tumwater, WA  98501 
360-902-8760 
 
Wisconsin Division of Securities  
4822 Madison Yards Way, North Tower  
Madison, Wisconsin 53705  
(608) 266-2139 
Division of Securities 
4822 Madison Yards Way, North Tower 
Madison, Wisconsin 53705  
(608) 266-2139 
 

STATE FRANCHISE ADMINISTRATORS 
AND AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS 
 
  3 2026 US FDD All Brands 
If a state is not listed, we are not required to appoint an agent for service of process in that state in order to 
comply with the requirements of franchise laws. There may be states in addition to those listed above in 
which we have appointed an agent for service of process. There may also be additional agents appointed 
in some of the states listed. 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
EXHIBIT  J-1

 
 Page 1 2026 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
Addendum to Disclosure Document  
Pursuant to the California Franchise Investment Law 
 
OUR WEBSITES HAVE NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT 
OF BUSINESS OVERSIGHT . ANY COMPLAINTS CONCERNING THE CONTENTS OF OUR 
WEBSITES MAY BE DIRECTED TO THE CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS OVERSIGHT AT 
http://www.dbo.ca.gov 
 
See the cover page of the Disclosure Document for our URL address. THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE 
INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO 
THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE DELIVERED TOGETHER WITH THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT.  
 
1. Item 3 is amended to state that no person named in Item 2 is subject to any currently effective 
order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined in the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., suspending or expelling such persons 
from membership in such association or exchange. 
 
2. Items 6, 9, and 17 (d), (e) , and (i) are amended to state that the Franchise Agreement provides 
for liquidated damages.  Under California Civil Code Section 1671, certain liquidated damages 
clauses are unenforceable.  If the Franchise Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent 
with the law, the law will control. 
 
3. Items 17 (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i) and (w) are amended to state that California Business and 
Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to you concerning termination or 
non-renewal of a franchise. If the Franchise Agreement contains a provision that is inconsistent 
with the law, the law will control. 
 
4. Item 17 (h) is amended to state that t he Franchise Agreement  provides for termination upon 
bankruptcy. This provision may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. 
Sec. 101 et seq). 
 
5. Item 17 (w) is amended to state that t he Franchise Agreement  contains a provision requiring 
application of the laws of New York. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.  
 
6. Item 17 (v) is amended to state that t he Franchise Agreement  requires venue to be limited to 
Fairfax County, Virginia unless we sue you where your Hotel is located. This provision may not be 
enforceable under California law. 
 
7. Items 17 (c) and (m) are amended to state that y ou must sign a general release of claims if you 
renew or transfer your franchise. California Corporations Code Section 31512 voids a waiver of 
your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code Sections 31000 
through 31516). Business and Professions Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights 
under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 
20043). 
 
8. Item 17 (s) is amended to state that California Corporations Code, Section 31125 requires us to 
give you a disclosure document, approved by the Department of Corporations before we ask you 
to consider a material modification of your Franchise Agreement.  
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law 
 
THE GENERAL RELEASE LANGUAGE CONTAINED IN THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT SHALL NOT 
RELIEVE US OR OUR AFFILIATES  FROM LIABILITY IMPOSED BY THE LAWS CONCERNING 
FRANCHISING OF THE STATE OF HAWAII. 
 

 
 Page 2 2026 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
THESE FRANCHISES HAVE BEEN FILED UNDER THE FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW OF THE 
STATE OF HAWAII. FILING DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION OR 
ENDORSEMENT BY THE DIRECTOR OF COMMERCE AND CONSUMER AFFAIRS OR A FINDING BY 
THE DIRECTOR OF COMMERCE AND CONSUMER AFFAIRS THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED 
IN THIS DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT IS TRUE, COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. 
 
THE FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW MAKES IT UNLAWFUL TO OFFER "OR SELL ANY FRANCHISE 
IN THIS STATE WITHOUT FIRST PROVIDING TO THE PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE, OR 
SUBFRANCHISOR, AT LEAST 7 DAYS BEFORE THE EXECUTION BY THE PROSPECTIVE 
FRANCHISEE, OF ANY BINDING AGREEMENT, OR AT LEAST 7DAYS BEFORE THE PAYMENT OF 
ANY CONSIDERATION BY THE FRANCHISEE, OR SUBFRANCHISOR, WHICHEVER OCCURS 
FIRST, A COPY OF THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, TOGETHER WITH A COPY OF ALL PROPOSED 
AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE. 
 
THIS DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT CONTAINS A SUMMARY ONLY OF CERTAIN MATERIAL 
PROVISIONS OF THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT. THE CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT SHOULD BE 
REFERRED TO FOR A STATEMENT OF ALL RIGHTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS AND 
OBLIGATIONS OF BOTH THE FRANCHISOR AND THE FRANCHISEE. 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act 
 
Item 13 is amended to provide that w hile we do not own the Marks, our affiliate owns the Marks and has 
licensed us to use the Marks and to sublicense the Marks to you. 
 
1. Notice Required by Law: 
 
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS UNDER WHICH YOUR FRANCHISE CAN BE TERMINATED 
AND YOUR RIGHTS UPON NON-RENEWAL MAY BE AFFECTED BY ILLINOIS LAW, 815 ILCS 
705/19 AND 705/20. 
 
2. Items 17 (v) and (w) are amended to state that the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and all 
other agreements concerning governing law, jurisdiction, venue, choice of law and waiver of jury 
trials will not constitute a waiver of any right conferred upon you by the Illinois Franchise 
Disclosure Act.  The Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act will govern the Franchise Agreement  with 
respect to Illinois licensees and any other person under the jurisdiction of the Illinois Franchise 
Disclosure Act. 
 
3. Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that "any condition, stipulation, or 
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any 
provision of this Act or any other law of this State  is void." This shall not prevent any person from 
entering into a settlement agreement or executing a general release regarding a potential or 
actual lawsuit filed under the provisions of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, nor shall it 
prevent the arbitration of any claims according to the provisions of Title 9 of the United States 
Code. 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law 
 
The following provisions will supersede anything to the contrary in the Franchise Disclosure Document 
and will apply to all franchises offered and sold under the laws of the State of Maryland:  
 
1. Items 17 (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) are amended to state that t he laws of the State of 
Maryland may supersede the Franchise Agreement , in the areas of termination and renewal of 
the Franchise. 
 

 
 Page 3 2026 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
2. Item 17 (h) is amended to state that the provision of the Franchise Agreement that provides for 
termination upon your bankruptcy may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 
U.S.C. Section 101 et seq.). 
 
3. Item 17 (v) is amended to state that you may sue in Maryland for claims arising under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Any claims arising under the Maryland 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Laws must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the 
Franchise. 
 
4. Item 17 (w) is amended to state that nothing in the General Release under  Section 16.8 of the 
Franchise Agreement shall operate to release  us or our affiliates from any liability under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
5. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)  
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or 
(ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
MICHIGAN ADDENDUM TO DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE SOMETIMES IN 
FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE 
DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT BE ENFORCED AGAINST YOU.  
 
(a) A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees.  
 
(b) A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel 
which deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act. This shall not preclude 
a franchisee, after entering into a Franchise Agreement, from settling any and all claims. 
 
(c) A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration of its term 
except for good cause. Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply with any 
lawful provision of the Franchise Agreement  and to cure such failure after being given written 
notice thereof and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to 
cure such failure. 
 
(d) A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly compensating 
the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of expiration of 
the franchisee's inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures and furnishings. Personalized materials 
which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures and furnishings 
not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not subject to compensation. 
This subsection applies only if (i) the term of the franchise is less than 5 years and (ii) the 
franchisee is prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from continuing to conduct 
substantially the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype, 
advertising of other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration of the 
franchise or the franchisee does not receive at least 6 months advance notice of Franchisor's 
intent not to renew the franchise. 
 
(e) A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally available 
to other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This section does not 
require a renewal provision. 
 
(f) A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside the State of Michigan. This 
shall not preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to 
conduct arbitration at a location outside the state of Michigan. 

 
 Page 4 2026 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
 
(g) A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a franchise, 
except for good cause. This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising a right of 
first refusal to purchase the franchise. Good cause shall include, but is not limited to:  
 
(i) The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor's then-current reasonable 
qualifications or standards. 
 
(ii) The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or subfranchisor.  
 
(iii) The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all lawful 
obligations. 
 
(iv) The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the 
franchisor or to cure any default in the Franchise Agreement  existing at the time of the 
proposed transfer. 
 
(h) A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not uniquely 
identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a 
franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and 
conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this 
subdivision prohibit a provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a 
franchise for the market or appraised value of such assets if the franchisee has breached the 
lawful provisions of the Franchise Agreement  and has failed to cure the breach in the manner 
provided in subdivision (c). 
 
(i) A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or otherwise 
transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has been 
made for providing the required contractual service. 
 
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE ATTORNEY 
GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY 
THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.   
 
ANY QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO:  
 
OFFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL 
CONSUMER PROTECTION DIVISION, FRANCHISE SECTION 
525 W. OTTAWA ST. 
G. MENNEN WILLIAMS BUILDING, FIRST FLOOR 
LANSING, MICHIGAN  48933 
517-373-7117 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the Minnesota Franchise Investment Law 
 
THESE FRANCHISES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED OR EXEMPTED FROM REGISTRATION UNDER 
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE ACT. REGISTRATION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, 
RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY THE COMMISSIONER OF COMMERCE OF 
MINNESOTA OR A FINDING BY THE COMMISSIONER THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED 
HEREIN IS TRUE, COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. 
 
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE ACT MAKES IT UNLAWFUL TO OFFER OR SELL ANY FRANCHISE 
IN THIS STATE WHICH IS SUBJECT TO REGISTRATION WITHOUT FIRST PROVIDING TO THE 
PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE, AT LEAST 7 DAYS PRIOR TO THE EXECUTION BY THE 
PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE OF ANY BINDING FRANCHISE OR OTHER AGREEMENT, OR AT 
LEAST 7 DAYS PRIOR TO THE PAYMENT OF ANY CONSIDERATION, BY THE FRANCHISEE, 

 
 Page 5 2026 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
WHICHEVER OCCURS FIRST, A COPY OF THIS PUBLIC OFFERING STATEMENT, TOGETHER 
WITH A COPY OF ALL PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE FRANCHISE. THIS PUBLIC 
OFFERING STATEMENT CONTAINS A SUMMARY ONLY OF CERTAIN MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF 
THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT. THE CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT SHOULD BE REFERRED TO 
FOR AN UNDERSTANDING OF ALL RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF BOTH THE FRANCHISOR 
AND THE FRANCHISEE. 
 
1. Minnesota law provide s that we  must indemnify you against liability to third parties resulting 
from claims by third parties that your use of our trademarks infringes trademark rights of the 
third party. We do not indemnify you against the consequences of your use of our trademarks 
except in accordance with the requirements of the Franchise Agreement, and, as a condition to 
indemnification, you must provide notice to us of any such claim and tender the defense of the 
claim to us within 10 days after the claim is asserted. If we accept the tender of defense, we 
have the right to manage the defense of the claim, including the right to compromise, settle or 
otherwise resolve the claim, and to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the 
claim. 
 
2. Items 17 (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h) and (i) are amended to state that Minnesota law provides 
you with certain termination and non -renewal rights. Minnesota Statutes, Section  80C.14, 
subdivisions 3, 4, and 5 require, except in certain specified cases, that you be given 90 days 
notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days notice for non -renewal of the franchise 
agreement. 
 
3. Items 17 (a) and (m)  are amended to state that t he general release language contained in the 
Franchise Agreement  shall not relieve  us or our affiliates , from liability imposed by the 
Minnesota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
4. Item 17 (i) is amended to state that Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibits requiring you to 
consent to liquidated damages.   
 
5. Items 17 (i), (v) and (w) are  amended to state that Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.21 and 
Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit s us  from requiring litigation to be conducted outside 
Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial, or requiring you to consent to liquidated damages, 
termination penalties or judgment notes. Nothing in the Franchise Disclosure Document or 
agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, 
Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of 
Minnesota. 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the New York Franchise Sales Act 
 
1. Item 3 is amended to add the following: 
 
Neither we nor any individual listed in Item 2, have pending any administrative, criminal or material 
civil action (or a significant number of civil actions irrespective of materiality) alleging: a felony; a 
violation of a franchise, antitrust or securities law; fraud; embezzlement; fraudulent conversion; 
misappropriation of property; unfair or deceptive practices or comparable civil or misdemeanor 
allegations. 
 
Neither we nor any individual listed in Item 2, have been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo 
contendere to a felony charge or, within the 10-year period immediately preceding the application for 
registration, been convicted of a misdemeanor or pleaded nolo contendere to a misdemeanor charge 
or been the subject of a civil action alleging: violation of a franchise, antitrust or securities law; fraud; 
embezzlement, fraudulent conversion or misappropriation of property; or unfair or deceptive 
practices or comparable allegations. 
 

 
 Page 6 2026 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
Neither we nor any individual listed in Item 2, are subject to any currently effective injunctive or 
restrictive order or decree relating to franchises or under any federal, state or Canadian franchise, 
securities, antitrust, trade regulation or trade practice law resulting from a concluded or pending 
action or proceeding brought by a public agency; or are subject to any currently effective order of any 
national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or 
expelling such person from membership in such association or exchange; or are subject to a 
currently effective injunctive or restrictive order relating to any other business activity as a result of an 
action brought by a public agency or department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a 
license as a real estate broker or sales agent. 
 
2. Item 4 is amended to add the following: 
 
During the 10-year period immediately preceding the date of this disclosure document, neither we 
nor any person identified in Item 2 above, has filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to 
start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code; obtained a discharge of its debts under the 
bankruptcy code; or was a principal officer of a company or a general partner in a partnership that 
either filed as a debtor (or had filed against it) a petition to start an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Code or that obtained a discharge of its debts under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code during or within 1 
year after the officer or general partner of the franchisor held this position in the company or 
partnership. 
 
3, Item 17 is amended to add the following: 
 
The franchisee may terminate the agreement upon any grounds available by law.  
 
We will not assign our rights under the Franchise Agreement, except to an assignee who in our 
good faith and judgment is willing and able to assume our obligations under the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
The New York Franchises Law requires that New York law govern any cause of action which 
arises under the New York Franchises Law. 
 
The New York General Business Law, Article 33, Sections 680 through 695 may supersede any 
provision of the Franchise Agreement that is inconsistent with that law. 
 
You must sign a general release when you renew the Franchise Agreement and in connection 
with any transfer under the Franchise Agreement.  These provisions may not be enforceable 
under New York law. 
 
Our right to obtain injunctive relief exists only after proper proofs are made and the appropriate 
authority has granted such relief. 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the North Dakota Franchise Disclosure Act 
 
1. Item 17 (i) is amended to reflect that all liquidated damages  provisions in the Franchise 
Agreement are deleted in their entirety.  
 
2. Item 17 (w) is amended to state that t he laws of the State of North Dakota supersede any 
provisions of the Franchise Agreement, the other agreements or New York law if such provisions 
are in conflict with North Dakota law.  The Franchise Agreement  will be governed by North 
Dakota law. 
 
3. Item 17 (v) is amended to state that a ny provision in the Franchise Agreement which designates 
jurisdiction or venue or requires the Licensee to agree to jurisdiction or venue, in a forum outside 
of North Dakota, is deleted.  
 

 
 Page 7 2026 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
4. Item 17 (w) is amended to state that a ny provision in the Franchise Agreement  which requires 
you to waive your right to a trial by jury is deleted. 
 
5. Items 17 (c) and (m) are amended to state that n o release language set forth in the Franchise 
Agreement shall relieve us or our affiliates from liability imposed by the North Dakota  Franchise 
Disclosure Act. 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Additional Information Required by the State of Rhode Island 
 
In recognition of the requirements of the State of Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act ┬º19 -28.1 et seq. 
(the ΓÇ£ActΓÇ¥), the Franchise Disclosure Document for use in the State of Rhode Island is amended as 
follows: 
 
Item 17 (h) is amended to state that termination of a franchise agreement as a result of  insolvency or 
bankruptcy may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law. 
 
Items 17 (c) and (m) are amended to state that any release signed as a condition of transfer or renewal 
will not apply to any claims you may have under the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act.  
 
Items 17 (u), (v) and (w) are amended to state that any provision in the franchise agreement restricting 
jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside Rhode Island or requiring the application of laws of a state other 
than Rhode Island is void as to a claim otherwise enforceable under the Rhode Island Franchise 
Investment Act. 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document  
Pursuant to the Virginia Retail Franchise Act 
 
Item 17.h is amended to state that, p ursuant to Section 13.1 -564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it 
is unlawful for a franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause. If any grounds for default or 
termination stated in the Franchise Agreement do not constitute ΓÇ£reasonable causeΓÇ¥ as that term may be 
defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be 
enforceable. 
 
 
Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Pursuant to the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act 
 
WASHINGTON ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, THE FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT, AND ALL RELATED AGREEMENTS 
 
The provisions of this Addendum form an integral part of, are incorporated into, and modify the Franchise 
Disclosure Document, the Franchise Agreement, and all related agreements regardless of anything to the 
contrary contained therein. This Addendum applies if: (a) the offer to sell a franchise is accepted in 
Washington; (b) the purchaser of the franchise is a resident of Washington; and/or (c) the franchised 
business that is the subject of the sale is to be located or operated, wholly or partly, in Washington.  
 
1.  Conflict of Laws. In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act, chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail. 
 
2.  Franchisee Bill of Rights. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in the Franchise Agreement 
or related agreements concerning your relationship with the Franchisor, including in the areas of 
termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions that supersede the 
Franchise Agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the Franchisor. Franchise 
Agreement provisions, including those summarized in Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document, are 
subject to state law. 

 
 Page 8 2026 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
 
3.  Site of Arbitration, Mediation, and/or Litigation. In any arbitration or mediation involving a 
franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will be either in the state of 
Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or as 
determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is 
not precluded by the Franchise Agreement, a Franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of 
or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment 
Protection Act, in Washington. 
 
4.  General Release. A release or waiver of rights in the Franchise Agreement or related agreements 
purporting to bind the Franchisee to waive compliance with any provision under the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rules or orders thereunder is void except when executed 
pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented 
by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2). In addition, any such release or waiver 
executed in connection with a renewal or transfer of a franchise is likewise void except as provided for in 
RCW 19.100.220(2). 
 
5.  Statute of Limitations and Waiver of Jury Trial. Provisions contained in the Franchise Agreement 
or related agreements that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for claims under 
the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right 
to a jury trial, may not be enforceable. 
 
6.  Transfer Fees. Transfer fees are collectable only to the extent that they reflect the franchisorΓÇÖs 
reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer. 
 
7.  Termination by Franchisee. The Franchisee may terminate the Franchise Agreement under any 
grounds permitted under state law. 
 
8.  Certain Buy -Back Provisions. Provisions in Franchise Agreements or related agreements that 
permit the Franchisor to repurchase the FranchiseeΓÇÖs business for any reason during the term of the 
Franchise Agreement without the FranchiseeΓÇÖs consent are unlawful pursuant to RCW 19.100.180(2)(j), 
unless the franchise is terminated for good cause. 
 
9.  Fair and Reasonable Pricing. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or related agreements that 
requires the Franchisee to purchase or rent any product or service for more than a fair and reasonable 
price is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(d). 
 
10.  Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages. RCW 19.100.190 permits Franchisees to seek treble 
damages under certain circumstances. Accordingly, provisions contained in the Franchise Agreement or 
elsewhere requiring Franchisees to waive exemplary, punitive, or similar damages are void, except when 
executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are 
represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2).  
 
11.  FranchisorΓÇÖs Business Judgement. Provisions in the Franchise Agreement or related agreements 
stating that the Franchisor may exercise its discretion on the basis of its reasonable business judgment 
may be limited or superseded by RCW 19.100.180(1), which requires the parties to deal with each other 
in good faith. 
 
12.  Indemnification. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or related agreements requiring the 
Franchisee to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the Franchisor or other parties is hereby 
modified such that the Franchisee has no obligation to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the 
Franchisor or any other indemnified party for losses or liabilities to the extent that they are caused by the 
indemnified partyΓÇÖs negligence, willful misconduct, strict liability, or fraud.  
 
13.  AttorneysΓÇÖ Fees. If the Franchise Agreement or related agreements require a Franchisee to 
reimburse the Franchisor for court costs or expenses, including attorneysΓÇÖ fees, such provision applies 
only if the Franchisor is the prevailing party in any judicial or arbitration proceeding.  

 
 Page 9 2026 US FDD STATE ADDENDA 
 
14.  Noncompetition Covenants. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and 
unenforceable against an employee, including an employee of a Franchisee, unless the employeeΓÇÖs 
earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount 
that will be adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and 
unenforceable against an independent contractor of a Franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the 
independent contractorΓÇÖs earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed 
$250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any provision 
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflicts with these limitations is void and 
unenforceable in Washington. 
 
15.  Nonsolicitation Agreements. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a Franchisor from restricting, restraining, or 
prohibiting a Franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a Franchisee of the same Franchisor 
or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the Franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in the 
Franchise Agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington.  
 
16.  Questionnaires and Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed 
or agreed to by a Franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall 
have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any Franchisor, franchise seller, or 
other person acting on behalf of the Franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
17.  Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or 
related agreements that prohibits the Franchisee from communicating with or complaining to regulators is 
inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise Disclosure Document and is unlawful under 
RCW 19.100.180(2)(h). 
 
18.  Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection 
Act, a ΓÇ£franchise brokerΓÇ¥ is defined as a person that engages in the business of the offer or sale of 
franchises. A franchise broker represents the Franchisor and is paid a fee for referring prospects to the 
Franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a Franchisee is working with a franchise broker, Franchisees 
are advised to carefully evaluate any information provided by the franchise broker about a franchise.  
 
 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
EXHIBIT  J-2

Exhibit J-2 
 
RESTAURANT BRANDS 
 
The following disclosure lists our current Restaurant Brands.  In addition, the following information 
supplements Item 13 of this Disclosure Document with respect to the trademarks used in 
connection with our Restaurant Brands.  
 
If you sign a Restaurant Brand Addendum, we will grant you a limited, nonexclusive right to use 
a designated Restaurant Brand in the operation of a restaurant at or within your Hotel or Hotel 
Site, at a specified location.   
 
Our affiliate, HIH, has applied for registration on the principal register of the United States Patent 
and Trademark Office the following trademarks and service marks for the following Restaurant 
Brands:  
 
Mark  Application Number  Application Date  
  PoppyΓÇÖs (word mark) 98389401 February 2, 2024 
  Haley & Bear (word mark) 98387507 February 1, 2024 
  The Comeback (stylized) 98391872 February 5, 2024 
  Che Vita (word mark) 98573321  May 29, 2024 
Junction 98655441 July 18, 2024 
Piebird 98222385 October 13, 2023 
 
We do not have federal registration for the Restaurant Brand marks listed above. 
Therefore, these marks do not have as many legal benefits and rights as federally 
registered trademarks.  If our rights to use these Marks are challenged, you may have to 
change to alternative trademarks, which may increase your expenses . Alternatively, we 
may permit you to convert your restaurant to another Restaurant Brand, which would 
increase your expenses.    
 
We may add, remove, or modify any of our Restaurant Brands at any time.  However, we will 
maintain our right to use and license or sublicense any Restaurant Brand that we license to you 
under the Restaurant Brand Addendum during the term of your Restaurant Brand Addendum.   
 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT K 

 
 
 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
 
 
755 Crossover Lane 
Memphis, TN 38117 
**SAVE AS NEW DOCUMENT**   
Insert Expected Closing Date 
 
Lender [also insert in 2nd page header] 
Attention:  
Address 
Address 
 
Re: [Name of Hotel (City, State) ΓÇô Facility No. ______; ALSO INSERT IN 2nd page header] 
 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company [IF NEEDED:, successor by-
merger to SELECT DOUBLETREE FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, EMBASSY 
SUITES FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, HILTON FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company, HAMPTON INNS FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 
HILTON GARDEN INNS FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, HOMEWOOD SUITES 
FRANCHISE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, HLT ESP FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company OR SELECT HLT EXISTING FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, successor in interest to SELECT [DT] Doubletree Hotel Systems, Inc. [ES, HAM, HWS] Promus 
Hotels, Inc. [HFS, HGI, CON, WA] Hilton Inns, Inc.] SELECT FOR CANADA: HILTON WORLDWIDE 
FRANCHISING LP, a limited partnership formed under the laws of England and Wales  ] (ΓÇ£FranchisorΓÇ¥) 
and ___________________, a ________________ (ΓÇ£ FranchiseeΓÇ¥) are parties to a franchise agreement 
dated ________________, including all amendments, riders, supplemental agreements and assignments 
(collectively, ΓÇ£Franchise AgreementΓÇ¥). Franchisee operates [ will operate ] the [INSERT brand ] hotel [  to 
be ] located at _____________________ (ΓÇ£HotelΓÇ¥) under the terms of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
This letter agreement is being entered into in connection with a mortgage loan in the amount of 
$________________ dated __________________, as such mortgage loan may be periodically amended, 
modified, supplemented, extended or restated (ΓÇ£ LoanΓÇ¥), from ________________ [IF LENDER IS NOT A 
BANK: , a [State] [Type of Entity] (ΓÇ£ LenderΓÇ¥) [IF NEEDED: as administrative agent for itself and other 
participant lenders (in its capacity as administrative agent, ΓÇ£ LenderΓÇ¥) ]  to Franchisee [IF NOT 
FRANCHISEE: _____________, a [State] [Type of Entity] (ΓÇ£ BorrowerΓÇ¥) ] to be used [ IF MULTIPLE 
PROPERTIES:, in part, ] for the direct benefit of the Hotel. [ DESCRIBE BORROWERΓÇÖS RELATIONSHIP 
TO FRANCHISEE, e.g. Borrower is the owner of the real property on which the Hotel is located, which 
Borrower leases to Franchisee, its affiliate.]  
 
[IF MULTIPLE LENDERS, REFERENCE SHORT NAMES ABOVE AND USE CONSISTENTLY:  
FIRST ALTERNATIVE: Franchisor is entitled to presume conclusively that notice to and actions or failures 
to act by INSERT NAME OF ONE LENDER  _______________________ (ΓÇ£Lead LenderΓÇ¥) are sufficient 
for all purposes under this letter agreement and that rights under this letter agreement may only be 
exercised by and the obligations under this letter agreement may only run to Lead Lender. Lead Lender 
may designate in writing a different party to this letter agreement to represent all lenders, provided that 
one party must be designated to represent all lenders.  
 
SECOND ALTERNATIVE: First Lender [MODIFY AS NEEDED], Second Lender [MODIFY AS NEEDED] 
and Third Lender [MODIFY AS NEEDED] will be collectively referred to as ΓÇ£ Lender.ΓÇ¥ First Lender, 
Second Lender and Third Lender have represented to Franchisor that they have entered into an 
intercreditor agreement that establishes priorities among the lenders. Franchisor is not a party to the 
intercreditor agreement and is relying on the representations of First Lender, Second Lender and Third 
Lender. Franchisor is entitled  to presume conclusively that the rights and obligations under this letter 
agreement will run to the Lender who contacts Franchisor and represents that it is entitled by the terms of 

Lender 
Re: Hotel Name ΓÇô Facility No. _____ 
Page 2 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
the intercreditor agreement to exercise the rights of Lender under this letter agreement. Lender agrees 
that Franchisor shall have no obligation to resolve inconsistent instructions if it receives instructions from 
more than one lender and Franchisor shall have no liability to any lender as a result of any action that 
Franchisor takes in good faith at the direction of another lender, or any failure of Franchisor to act in the 
face of inconsistent instructions. 
 
[IF PRIOR LENDER COMFORT LETTER EXISTS:  
Reference is also made to a letter agreement dated ____________, among Franchisor [ CONFIRM 
ENTITY], Franchisee [CONFIRM ENTITY] and Lender [ CONFIRM ENTITY] (ΓÇ£Existing Comfort LetterΓÇ¥). 
[IF EXISTING COMFORT LETTER IS WITH SAME LENDER : This letter agreement replaces the Existing 
Comfort Letter, which is null and void, and of no further force or effect. ] [IF MORE THAN ONE EXISTING 
COMFORT LETTER, MODIFY THIS AND ┬╢┬╢ 5 AND 6 AS NEEDED]  
 
1. Cure Period. 
 
(a) Notice of Franchisee Default . Franchisor will concurrently provide Lender a copy 
of any default notice sent to Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement. The notice will be sent to Lender 
at the address set forth above or such other address designated by Lender in writing, provided that only a 
single address may be designated and it may not be a P.O. Box.   
 
(b) LenderΓÇÖs Cure Periods .  Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, to 
cure the default within fifteen (15) calendar days beyond the expiration of any cure period given to 
Franchisee (ΓÇ£ LenderΓÇÖs Cure Period ΓÇ¥). If the default is for failure to comply with physical standards or 
other non-monetary default which could only be cured by Lender acquiring possession and/or ownership 
of the Hotel (each, an ΓÇ£ AcquisitionΓÇ¥), Lender may have an additional period of one hundred eighty (180) 
calendar days, commencing at the expiration of LenderΓÇÖs Cure Period, for Lender to complete its 
Acquisition, through foreclosure or other appropriate proceedings (ΓÇ£ Additional Period ΓÇ¥); provided that 
Lender must: (i)  notify Franchisor no later than the date it commences proceedings (or promptly after 
action is stayed or enjoined) that Lender wants the Additional Period; (ii)  commence proceedings and 
diligently prosecute such proceedings to completion; and (iii)  comply with the obligations of Franchisee 
under the Franchise Agreement not being performed by Franchisee during the Additional Period including 
payment of all monetary obligations but excluding those obligations which can only be performed by 
Franchisee or which Lender cannot perform without possession and/or ownership of the Hotel. On 
request by Lender, the Additional Period may be further extended by Franchisor in its determination, 
which determination shall take into consideration the period of time required to complete an Acquisition in 
the applicable jurisdiction, and any period of time in which LenderΓÇÖs action has been stayed or enjoined. If 
Franchisor has not issued a default notice to Franchisee or Lender has cured FranchiseeΓÇÖs default during 
LenderΓÇÖs Cure Period and Lender commences a foreclosure or other proceeding intended to result in an 
Acquisition, Lender may exercise the rights under this letter agreement under the terms and timelines 
outlined in this Subparagraph. If Franchisor has not issued a default notice, LenderΓÇÖs notice to Franchisor 
of FranchiseeΓÇÖs default under the Loan will be deemed to initiate the timeline outlined under the LenderΓÇÖs 
Cure Period and Additional Period. Franchisor acknowledges and agrees that an Acquisition shall not be 
deemed a sale or lease of the Hotel under the Franchise Agreement, nor a violation of any control or 
transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement, and shall not be subject to any right of first refusal or right 
of first offer contained in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(c) FranchisorΓÇÖs Rights to Terminate Franchise Agreement .  Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this letter agreement, Franchisor may terminate the Franchise Agreement if any of the 
following occur: (i)  FranchiseeΓÇÖs default or any subsequent default, in the sole opinion of Franchisor, 
damages the image or reputation of Franchisor or any brand name owned and/or licensed by Hilton 
Worldwide Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation, or its subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively, ΓÇ£ HiltonΓÇ¥); 
(ii) Franchisor is required to terminate the Franchise Agreement by court order or action of any trustee in 

Lender 
Re: Hotel Name ΓÇô Facility No. _____ 
Page 3 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
bankruptcy or debtor in possession of the Hotel; or (iii)  the Additional Period expires without other 
arrangements, satisfactory to Franchisor in its sole discretion, having been entered into between 
Franchisor and Lender. 
 
(d) Expiration of Franchise Agreement .  Nothing in this letter agreement will extend 
the Franchise Agreement beyond its stated expiration date.   
 
(e) Receiver Appointment .  If a receiver is appointed to operate the Hotel at the 
request of Lender, Franchisor may require the receiver to enter into FranchisorΓÇÖs then -current form of 
receiver agreement , with such modifications as mutually agreed between Franchisor, Lender and 
receiver, or other documentation that Franchisor considers reasonably necessary. 
 
2. Acquisition and Assumption.  
 
(a) [DELETE THIS SUBPARAGRAPH 2(a) IF THE HOTEL IS HILTON -MANAGED 
WITH A FRANCHISE OR FOR PORTFOLIO LOANS IF THE NUMBER OF HOTELS OPERATING 
UNDER THE SAME BRAND EXCEEDS THE THRESHOLD] LenderΓÇÖs Election to Waive Assumption of 
Franchise Agreement .  Lender may give written notice (a ΓÇ£ Waiver Notice ΓÇ¥) to Franchisor of LenderΓÇÖs 
election to waive LenderΓÇÖs right to assume the Franchise Agreement at any time (i) during LenderΓÇÖs Cure 
Period, or the Additional Period, as the Additional Period may be extended in accordance with 
Subparagraph 1(b) of this letter agreement, or (ii) within twenty (20) calendar days after the completion of 
the Acquisition. If given, the Waiver Notice will be effective twenty (20) calendar days after FranchisorΓÇÖs 
receipt of the Waiver N otice, and Franchisor may rely on the Waiver N otice to exercise its remedies 
against Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement, including termination of the Franchise Agreement. 
Lender shall not be liable for any termination fees or liquidated damages arising from the early 
termination of the Franchise Agreement; provided, however, if Lender or its designee is or comes into 
possession of the Hotel before the Waiver Notice is effective, then Lender shall be responsible for post -
termination de -identification obligations at the Hotel, an d for payment of any fees  owed to Franchisor 
pursuant to the Franchise Agreement that accrued while Lender was in possession of the Hotel before 
the Waiver Notice is effective, but excluding termination fees or liquidated damages. 
 
(b) Acquisition and Franchise Agreement Assumption . [DELETE FIRST SENTENCE 
ONLY IF ┬╢ 2(a) IS DELETED: If Lender does not deliver the Waiver Notice  to Franchisor under 
Subparagraph 2(a), the Franchise Agreement will continue in full force and effect. ] If Lender acquires 
possession and/or ownership of the Hotel as the result of an Acquisition, Lender will be deemed to have 
assumed the Franchise Agreement as of the date of the Acquisition. Lender will be obligated to perform 
all of the obligations of Franchis ee under the Franchise Agreement existing at or accruing after the 
Acquisition date, including the payment of fees owed to Franchisor (ΓÇ£ AssumptionΓÇ¥). Any conditions in the 
transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement that Franchisor deems relevant shall apply with respect to 
the Assumption, including but not limited to the obligation for Lender to submit its ownership structure, 
organizational documents and evidence of insurance.  Lender must, within ten (10) business days after 
receipt of a request from Franchisor, provide to Franchisor all information necessary for Franchisor to 
determine that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person  (as defined below) , as well as the other information 
reasonably requested. If Franchisor confirms that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person, Franchisor will 
promptly prepare FranchisorΓÇÖs then -current form assumption agreement (ΓÇ£ Assumption Agreement ΓÇ¥) to 
document the Assumption, and deliver the Assumption Agreement to Lender. Lender must execute and 
return the Assumption Agreement to Fr anchisor within ten (10) business days after receipt from 
Franchisor. LenderΓÇÖs failure to timely execute and deliver the Assumption Agreement may be deemed a 
default under the Franchise Agreement entitling Franchisor to terminate the Franchise Agreement. Any 
renovation requirements imposed by Franchisor in connection with the Assumption will not exceed those 
which Franchisor could have imposed had Franchisee remained as the Franchisee under the Franchise 
Agreement. In lieu of any transfer or application fee  for the Assumption, Lender agrees to pay Franchisor 

Lender 
Re: Hotel Name ΓÇô Facility No. _____ 
Page 4 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
a processing fee of Five Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($5,500). In connection with the Assumption, 
Lender must diligently cure all defaults which it could not cure before the Acquisition under the terms of 
Subparagraph 1(b), within the time period determined by Franchisor based on the nature of the default 
and/or the condition of the Hotel at the time of LenderΓÇÖs Acquisition except for personal and non -curable 
defaults. ΓÇ£Personal and non -curable defaultsΓÇ¥ means that the default (i) occurred before the date of 
LenderΓÇÖs Acquisition; (ii) is a non -curable default; (iii) is purely personal to Franchisee ( e.g., failure to 
provide adequate notice or past failure to maintain FranchiseeΓÇÖs company status); and (iv) is unrelated to 
the operation of the Hotel. 
 
(c) [INCLUDE ONLY IF EQUITY ACQUISITION LANGUAGE IS REQUESTED] 
Equity Acquisition and Amendment .  If Lender acquires ownership of the Franchisee by means of an 
Equity Acquisition, Lender will be deemed to have assumed the rights and obligations of the Franchisee 
under the Franchise Agreement as of the date of the Equity Acquisition, and Lender must dilig ently cure 
all defaults which Lender  could not cure before the Equity Acquisition under the terms of 
Subparagraph 1(b), within the time period determined by Franchisor based on the nature of the default 
and/or the condition of the Hotel at the time of LenderΓÇÖs Equity Acquisition . Lender must enter into an 
amendment to the Franchise Agreement to document the change of control of Franchisee, which will, 
among other things, contain a new ownership structure for Franchisee (ΓÇ£ AmendmentΓÇ¥). Subject to 
confirmation that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person, Franchisor will prepare the Amendment promptly 
after receipt of any information re quested under this Subparagraph  2(c). Franchisor will deliver the 
Amendment to Lender, and Lender will execute and return the Amendment to Franchisor within ten (10) 
business days after Franchisor delivers it. LenderΓÇÖs failure to timely execute and deliver to Franchisor the 
Amendment shall be a default under the Franchise Agreement entitling Franchisor to terminate the 
Franchise Agreement. Any renovation requirements imposed by Franchisor in connection with the 
Amendment will not exceed those which Franchisor could have imposed had such change of control of 
Franchisee not occurred . In lieu of any transfer or application fee, Lender agrees to pay Franchisor a 
processing of Five Thousand Five Hundred Dollars ($ 5,500).  For the avoidance of doubt, an Equity 
Acquisition is not an Acquisition , and the provisions of  Subparagraphs 2(a) and 2(b) shall not apply with 
respect to any Equity Acquisition ; provided, however, that the term ΓÇ£AssumptionΓÇ¥ as referenced in 
Subparagraph 2(d) and Paragraph 10 shall also include LenderΓÇÖs assumption of the rights and obligations 
of the Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement as of the date of the Equity Acquisition .     
 
(d) LenderΓÇÖs Sale to Third Party After Assumption .  The transfer provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement will apply to any sale, assignment or transfer by Lender after an Assumption.  If the 
transfer is to a third party who desires to continue to operate the Hotel, these provisions require a change 
of ownership application, approval of the third party, and payment of an application fee.  
 
3. Notice to Franchisor . Lender agrees to notify Franchisor (a)  contemporaneously with 
commencement of any action that may result in an Acquisition, (b)  contemporaneously with the filing of a 
petition for appointment of a receiver or any other action initiated by Lender that materially impacts 
possession of the Hotel, (c)  promptly after an Acquisition of the date the Acquisition occurred, or 
(d) promptly after Lender no longer has a security interest in the Hotel or the Loan is paid in full, but 
LenderΓÇÖs failure to give notice under this Subparagraph  3(d) will not affect the automatic termination of 
this letter agreement under Paragraph  13 [NO ESTOPPEL] 14 [ESTOPPEL ]. Lender further agrees to 
promptly provide to Franchisor a copy of any order appointing a receiver, or any other judicial or 
administrative order from an action initiated by Lender that materially impacts possession of the Hotel. All 
notices to Franchisor should be sent to the following address or such other address periodically 
designated by Franchisor in writing: 
 

Lender 
Re: Hotel Name ΓÇô Facility No. _____ 
Page 5 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.  
Attention:  General Counsel 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100 
McLean, VA  22102 
 
If Lender wishes to send a notice to Franchisor regarding securitizations, Lender may send the notice by 
any method described above, or by email (with read receipt confirmation) at 
Lender.Comfort.Letters@hilton.com or such other email address as Franchisor may periodically 
designate by notice to Lender.   
 
4. Confidentiality and Non -Disclosure.  The provisions of this letter agreement shall not 
be disclosed by Lender or Franchisee to any third party, excepting (a)  the respective employees, 
directors, officers, agents, regulators or legal and financial representatives of each of Franchisee, Lender 
and LenderΓÇÖs servicers, trustees and certificate holders, on a need -to-know basis; (b) as required by law; 
(c) as mutually agreed to by the parties; (d) as part of any due diligence performed as a part of a sale, 
assignment, participation or securitization of the Loan by Lender or a sale of the Hotel after an 
Acquisition; (e) any investor or potential investor in, or underwriter of, the Loan; and/or (f) any rating 
agency that rates securities backed by the Loan. Except as provided above, Franchisee and Lender 
agree not to copy, reproduce or otherwise make available in any form whatsoever to any other person, 
firm, corporation, or business, the provisions of this letter agreement. 
 
5. Franchisee Estoppel and Release .  As consideration for this letter agreement relating 
to the Loan: 
 
(a) Franchisee hereby certifies to Franchisor that the Franchise Agreement is in full 
force and effect, and no default, claim, breach, offset, defense to full and strict enforcement, waiver, or 
estoppel (collectively, a ΓÇ£ ClaimΓÇ¥), or condition that could with passage of time, giving notice or otherwise 
become a Claim, currently exists or has existed against Franchisor under the Franchise Agreement [ IF 
APPLICABLE: or the Existing Comfort Letter]. 
 
(b) [IF APPLICABLE: Franchisee hereby represents that the loan referenced in the 
Existing Comfort Letter has been paid in full [ DELETE FIRST CLAUSE IF LOAN IS BEING ASSUMED ] 
and agrees that the Existing Comfort Letter is null and void and of no further force and effect, and 
Franchisor has no obligations of any kind under the Existing Comfort Letter.]  
 
(c) Franchisee hereby agrees that this letter agreement will remain in full force and 
effect in favor of Lender with respect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, 
extended, supplemented, or restated. 
 
(d) Franchisee hereby agrees that this letter agreement was provided to Lender at 
FranchiseeΓÇÖs request. 
 
(e) Franchisee hereby fully and forever releases, discharges, and agrees to 
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Franchisor, its predecessors, successors and assigns and each of 
their respective former and present officers, employees, directors, shareholders, partners, members, 
parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, alter egos, representatives, agents, and attorneys (collectively, the 
ΓÇ£Released Parties ΓÇ¥), from any and all Claims, demands, liens, actions, agreements, suits, causes of 
action, obligations, controversies, debts, costs, attorneyΓÇÖs fees, expenses, damages, judgments, orders, 
and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in law, equity, or otherwise, whether now known or suspected 
which have existed, may or do exist (ΓÇ£ Released Claims ΓÇ¥), based on any facts, events, or omissions 
occurring before the execution of this letter agreement which arise out of, concern, pertain, or relate i n 
any way to the Franchise Agreement [ IF APPLICABLE : or the Existing Comfort Letter ]. Franchisee 
acknowledges that it may hereafter discover Claims presently unknown or unsuspected, or facts in 

Lender 
Re: Hotel Name ΓÇô Facility No. _____ 
Page 6 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
addition to or different from those which it now knows or believes to be true, with respect to the matters 
released by this letter agreement.  Nevertheless, Franchisee fully and finally settles and releases all such 
matters, and all Claims relative thereto, which do now exist, may exist or have existed between the 
Released Parties and Franchisee. 
 
6. Lender Estoppel and Release.  As consideration for this letter agreement relating to the 
Loan:  
 
(a) Lender hereby certifies to Franchisor that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person. 
ΓÇ£Sanctioned PersonΓÇ¥ means any person, entity, or Government, including those with Control over such 
persons or entities, or acting on behalf of such persons or entity, who is subject to Trade Restrictions that 
prohibit or restrict the PartiesΓÇÖ performance of the P artiesΓÇÖ obligations under this a greement. ΓÇ£Trade 
RestrictionsΓÇ¥ means trade, economic or investment sanctions, export controls, anti -terrorism, non -
proliferation, anti -money laundering and similar restrictions in force pursuant to laws, rules and 
regulations imposed under Laws to which the Parties are subject. 
 
(b) Lender hereby represents and warrants in favor of Franchisor that Lender  is not 
a Competitor of Franchisor. 
 
(c) Lender hereby represents and warrants in favor of Franchisor that [IF LENDER 
IS A BANK] Lender does not own any Equity Interest in Franchisee [IF LENDER IS NOT A BANK] neither 
Lender nor any of its officers or directors own any Equity Interest in Franchisee.   
 
(d) Lender hereby agrees that this letter agreement shall remain in full force and 
effect in favor of Lender with respect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, 
extended, supplemented or restated, without the need for further action by Lender or Franchisor.  
 
(e) [IF LENDER IS A PARTY TO EXISTING COMFORT LETTER :] Lender hereby 
certifies to Franchisor that no Claim, or condition that could with the passage of time, giving notice or 
otherwise become a Claim by Lender, currently exists or has existed against Franchisor under the 
Existing Comfort Letter; agrees that the Existing Comfort Letter is null and void and of no further force 
and effect; and agrees that Franchisor has no obligations of any kind under the Existing Comfort Letter.  
 
(f) [IF FOR A LOAN ORIGINATED AT AN EARLIER DATE:  Lender hereby 
represents and warrants as of the date of its signature below that Lender has not issued a notice of 
default with respect to the Loan and is not aware of any issue that cu rrently constitutes a default under 
the Loan and that Lender has not taken any action intended to result in Lender acquiring possession 
and/or ownership of the Hotel. 
 
(g) Lender hereby fully  and forever releases, discharges, and agrees to indemnify, 
defend and hold harmless the Released Parties from any and all Released Claims by Lender based on 
any facts, events, or omissions occurring before the execution of this letter agreement which arise out of, 
concern, pertain, or relate in any way to this letter agreement. [ IF LENDER IS A PARTY TO EXISTING 
COMFORT LETTER, ADD or the Existing Comfort Letter.]  [FOR CANADA ONLY; provided, however that 
this release will not relieve any of the Released Parties from any liability imposed by the Ontario Arthur 
Wishart Act (Franchise Disclosure), 2000, that may have existed as of the Effective Date of this 
agreement.] 
 
7. [IF REQUESTED, CHECK ┬╢ REFERENCES IN ┬╢┬╢ 3 / 6 : Franchisor Estoppel.  Subject 
to the acknowledgement by Lender that Franchisor does not own or operate the Hotel, Franchisor hereby 
certifies to Lender that, to FranchisorΓÇÖs knowledge as of the date indicated on the first page of this letter 
agreement, (a) the Franchise Agreement is in ful l force and effect, and (b) no D efault currently exists 
under the Franchise Agreement. ΓÇ£ FranchisorΓÇÖs knowledgeΓÇ¥ means the actual knowledge of applicable 

Lender 
Re: Hotel Name ΓÇô Facility No. _____ 
Page 7 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
and reasonably obvious Hotel operational matters regularly reviewed by company employees who have 
given their attention to such matters in the ordinary course of business and does not include any 
investigation by those employees or others of other matters or beyond their usual and customary reviews 
of the Hotel, nor does it include constructive notice of matters or information located in public or Hotel 
records. "Default" means matters which have been the subject of an actual notice of default under the 
Franchise Agreement and does not include matters which are or may be in process, under discussion, or 
otherwise addressed. [IF QUALIFIERS: Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lender is advised that the Hotel 
failed its most recent Quality Assurance Inspection, but the failure is not a Default.]  
 
8. Assignment.  This letter agreement may not be assigned by Lender without the written 
consent of Franchisor; provided, however, FranchisorΓÇÖs consent is not required for any assignment to:  
 
(a) a direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of Lender in connection with an 
Acquisition. 
 
(b) the trustee in a securitization if Lender (i)  directly transfers the Loan to the 
trustee and (ii) gives notice to Franchisor within thirty (30) days of the transfer, identifying the new 
ΓÇ£LenderΓÇ¥ and the new address for notice. If Lender fully complies with the provisions of this 
Subparagraph, Franchisor will recognize the trustee as ΓÇ£LenderΓÇ¥ under this letter agreement; but 
Franchisor may, in its discretion, reject any notice that is not sent by Lender or that is not sent in a timely 
manner in accordance with this Subparagraph. 
 
(c) [IF LENDER IS ACTING AS AN ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT :] any successor 
administrative agent with respect to the Loan if the successor is a national bank, a state -chartered bank, 
commercial bank, or the U.S. branch of a foreign bank authorized to operate in the U.S., and the 
administrative agent identified as ΓÇ£LenderΓÇ¥ under this letter agreement gives notice to Franchisor, 
identifying the new ΓÇ£LenderΓÇ¥ and the new address for notice, within thirty (30) days of the transfer, but 
Franchisor may, in its discretion, reject any notice that is not sent by Lender or that is not sent in a timely 
manner in accordance with this Subparagraph.  
 
(d) any subsequent holder or holders of the Loan (ΓÇ£ AssigneeΓÇ¥) if (1) the Loan is not 
in default when notice is given;  (2) Lender gives notice to Franchisor, identifying Assignee and the new 
address for notice, within thirty (30) days of the transfer; and (3)  the Assignee (i) is a national bank, state-
chartered bank, commercial bank, investment bank, pension fund, finance company, insurance company, 
or other financial institution engaged in the business of making loans or any fund managed by any of the 
foregoing, (ii) is not a Competitor of Franchisor, and (iii) does not own directly or indirectly, any equity 
interest in Franchisee or its constituent owners; provided, however, that Franchisor may, in its discretion, 
reject a notice if the Loan is in default when notice is given, or if the notice is not sent by Lender, or if 
notice is not sent in a timely manner in accordance with this Subparagraph. On receipt and acceptance of 
the notice, Franchisor will promptly prepare its then -current form of Assignment and Assumption 
Agreement (ΓÇ£AssignmentΓÇ¥) and Lender and Assignee must promptly execute and return the Assignment. 
Franchisor may charge a nominal fee for processing the Assignment. If there is more than one Assignee, 
the Assignees must (i)  designate a single representative to receive notices, negotiate on behalf of and 
bind each Assignee in connection with this letter agreement and any assignment thereof, and 
(ii) acknowledge that Franchisor shall be entitled to rely on such designation and deal solely with such 
representative without the necessity of notifying, negotiating with, or obtaining the consent of, each 
Assignee. 
 
9. Communication with Lender .  Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may discuss with 
Lender or its designee the status of the Hotel, the Franchise Agreement, or any matter to which Lender is 
entitled to notice under the terms of this letter agreement.  Franchisee agrees that the Released Parties 

Lender 
Re: Hotel Name ΓÇô Facility No. _____ 
Page 8 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
shall not be liable to Franchisee for taking any action or providing any information required or 
contemplated by this letter agreement. 
 
10. Management.  Any ch ange to the management company for the Hotel (ΓÇ£ ManagementΓÇ¥) 
made by Lender or a receiver before an Assumption is subject to FranchisorΓÇÖs prior written approval. 
Franchisor will use its business judgment in determining whether to approve the new Management. After 
an Assumption, the terms of the Franchise Agreement will govern with respect to Management, provided, 
however, Lender shall not be bound by any  requirements of the Franchise Agreement to manage the 
Hotel itself. 
 
11. Subordination.  Franchisor acknowledges and agrees that the Franchise Agreement, to 
the extent that it creates any interest in the Hotel, is and shall be subordinate to the mortgage or deed of 
trust of Lender placed or to be placed on the Hotel in accordance with the terms of the Loan.   
 
12. Collateral Assignment. If the Franchise Agreement is being pledged by Franchisee to 
Lender as security for FranchiseeΓÇÖs obligations to Lender under the Loan, issuance of this letter 
agreement evidences FranchisorΓÇÖs consent to the collateral assignment.  LenderΓÇÖs rights in connection 
with the Franchise Agreement are governed by the terms and conditions in this letter agreement. 
 
13. Execution.   This letter agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which will be 
considered an original. The parties agree to conduct the transaction by electronic means which will be 
initiated by Franchisor.   An authorized representative of Franchisor will countersign on behalf of 
Franchisor when all conditions are fulfilled.   
 
14. Effectiveness and Termination .  This letter agreement will be effective only when 
Franchisor receives signatures indicating acceptance by Lender and Franchisee and FranchisorΓÇÖs 
authorized representative countersigns on the signature page.  If Franchisor does not receive signed 
copies from Lender and Franchisee within thirty (30) days from the date indicated on the first page of this 
letter agreement, FranchisorΓÇÖs offer to enter into this letter  agreement may be withdrawn.  Once effective, 
this letter agreement will automatically terminate if (a)  Lender no longer has a security interest in the 
Hotel or the Loan is paid in full, (b)  Lender transfers the Loan to another entity unless this letter 
agreement is assigned in compliance with its terms, (c)  Lender materially breaches this letter agreement, 
(d) Lender has been taken over in any manner by any state or federal agency, (e)  Franchisee transfers 
the Franchise Agreement and the transfer results in a new franchise agreement being entered, or 
(f) Franchisor terminates the Franchise Agreement in accordance with the terms of this letter agreement.  
 
15. General.  No entity may exercise any rights as Lender under this letter agreement if the 
entity or any affiliate is or becomes the owner of a direct or indirect beneficial interest (except a strictly 
passive interest) in Franchisee, other than through the exercise of rights under the Loan.  The provisions 
of this letter agreement are applicable only for the Hotel and the parties to this letter agreement. Issuance 
and execution of this letter agreement or the granting of any conditions provided in this letter agreement 
does not constitute an obligation on FranchisorΓÇÖs part to provide the same at any future date. This letter 
agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties to this letter agreement in regard to the matters 
addressed in this letter agreement.   Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this letter agreement shall 
have the meanings assigned to the term in the Franchise Agreement. 
 

Lender 
Re: Hotel Name ΓÇô Facility No. _____ 
Page 9 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
Sincerely, 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC 
OR SELECT HLT EXISTING FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC 
OR IF HOTEL IS IN CANADA HILTON WORLDWIDE FRANCHISING LP 
 
Signature Blocks on Following Page 

Lender 
Re: Hotel Name ΓÇô Facility No. _____ 
Page 10 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
LENDER: 
 
[NAME] 
 
 
By:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Accepted and agreed to     
    DATE 
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
[NAME] 
 
 
By:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:       
 
Accepted and agreed to     
    DATE 
 
 
FRANCHISOR: 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC 
OR SELECT HLT EXISTING FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC 
 
 
By:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Effective Date:      
 

Lender 
Re: Hotel Name ΓÇô Facility No. _____ 
Page 11 
{004028-999987 M0028580.DOC; 1} 
FRANCHISOR IF HOTEL IS IN CANADA 
 
HILTON WORLDWIDE FRANCHISING LP,  
a limited partnership formed under the laws of England and Wales 
 
By: HILTON WORLDWIDE MANAGE LIMITED, 
Its General Partner 
 
 
By:       
 
Name:       
 
Title:  Authorized Signatory   
 
Effective Date:      

 
 
 
{004028
-
999987 M0027976.DOC; 1}
 
 
 
 
 
 
755 Crossover Lane
 
Memphis, TN 38117
 
 
**
SAVE AS NEW DOCUMENT
**
 
Insert Expected Closing Date
 
 
Lender [also insert in 2
nd
 
page header]
 
Attention: 
 
Address
 
Address
 
 
Re:
 
[
Name of Hotel (City, State) 
ΓÇô
 
Facility No. ______; ALSO INSERT IN 2
nd
 
page header
]
 
 
Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter
 
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC
, a Delaware limited liability company
 
[IF 
NEEDED:
, successor
-
by
-
merger
 
to SELECT DOUBLETREE FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, EMBASSY 
SUITES FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, HILTON FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company, HAMPTON INNS FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 
HILTON GARDEN INNS FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, HOMEWOOD SUITES 
FRANCHISE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
, HLT ES
P FRANCHISE LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company OR SELECT 
HLT EXISTING FRANCHISE HOLDING  LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company, successor
-
in
-
interest to 
[DT
 
Doubletree Hotel Systems, Inc.
 
[ES
, HAM, H
WS 
Promus Hotels, 
Inc.
 
[
HFS, HGI, CI
, WA
C
 
Hilton Inns, Inc.]
 
SELECT FOR CANADA
: 
HILTON WORLDWIDE 
FRANCHISING LP, 
a limited partnership formed under the laws of England and Wales
] 
(ΓÇ£
Franchisor
ΓÇ¥)
 
and ___________________, a ______
__________ (ΓÇ£
Franchisee
ΓÇ¥) are parties to 
a
 
franchise a
greement
 
dated ____________
_
___, including all amendments, riders, supplemental agreements an
d assignments 
(collectively, 
ΓÇ£
Franchise Agreement
ΓÇ¥). 
Franchisee
 
operates 
[
 
will operate
 
] 
the [INSERT
 
brand
 
]
 
hotel
 
[
 
to 
be
 
] located 
at _________________
____
 
(ΓÇ£
Hotel
ΓÇ¥) under the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement
.
 
 
This letter agreement is being entered into in connection with a mezzanine loan 
in th
e amount of 
$_______
____
___
_,
 
dated _______
__
,
 
as such 
mezzanine l
oan may be periodically amended, modified, 
supplemented, extended or restated (ΓÇ£
Loan
ΓÇ¥) from ______
_
___
__ 
[IF LENDER IS NOT A BANK: , a 
[State] [Type of Entity] 
(ΓÇ£
Lender
ΓÇ¥)
 
[IF NEEDED: as administrative agent for itself and other participant 
lenders (in its capacity as administrative agent, (ΓÇ£
Lender
ΓÇ¥)
)
 
]
 
to 
Franchisee [
IF NOT FRANCHISEE: 
___________
_
, 
a [State] [Type of Entity] 
(ΓÇ£
Mezzanine Borrower
ΓÇ¥)
 
]
 
to be used [
IF
 
MULTIPLE 
PROPERTIES
:, in part,
 
] for the direct benefit of the Hotel.
 
[
DESCRIBE BORROWER
ΓÇÖS RELATIONSHIP 
TO FRANCHISEE. (e.g.
,
Mezzanine
 
Borrower is the owner of the real property on which the Hotel is 
located, which Borrower leases to Franchisee, its affiliate
.
 
]
 
 
[
IF MULTIPLE LENDERS, REFERENCE SHORT NAME
S
 
ABOVE AND USE CONSISTENTLY: 
 
FIRST ALTERNATIVE
: Franchisor is entitled to presume conclusively that notice to and actions or failures 
to act by 
INSERT NAME OF ONE
 
LENDER
 
_______________
______
__ (ΓÇ£
Lead Lender
ΓÇ¥) are sufficient 
for all purposes under this letter agreement and that rights under this letter agreement may only be 
exercised by and the obligations under this letter agreement 
may only run to Lead Lender. 
Lead Lender 
may designate in writing a different party to this letter agreement to represent all lenders, provided that 
one party must be designated to represent all lenders. 
 
 
SECOND ALTERNATIVE
: First Lender [MODIFY AS NEEDED], Second Lender [MODIFY AS NEEDED] 
and Third Lender [MODIFY AS NEEDED] will be collectively referred to as ΓÇ£
Lender
.ΓÇ¥ First Lender, 
Second Lender and Third Lender have represented to Franchisor that they have entered into an 

Lender
 
Re:
 
Hotel Name 
ΓÇô
 
Facility No. _____
 
             
Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter
 
Page 
2
 
{004028
-
999987 M0027976.DOC; 1}
 
intercreditor agreement that establishes priorities among the lenders. Franchisor is not a party to the 
intercreditor agreement and is relying on the representations of First Lender, Second Lender and Third 
Lender. Franchisor is entitled to presume conclusively that the rights and obligations under this letter 
agreement will run to the Lender who contacts Franchisor and represents that it is entitled by the terms of 
the intercreditor agreement to exercise the rights of Lender under this letter agreement. Lender agrees 
that Franchisor shall have no obligation to resolve inconsistent instructions if it receives instructions from 
more than one lender and Franchisor shall have no liability to any lender as a result of any action that 
Franchisor takes in good faith at the direction of another lender, or any failure of Franchisor to act in the 
face of inconsistent instructions.
 
 
[IF THERE IS A MORTGAGE LENDER]
 
Franchisor, 
Franchisee
 
and ______________ (ΓÇ£
Mortgage Lender
ΓÇ¥)
 
[SELECT:  entered into a letter 
agreement dated ___________ OR are contemporaneously entering into a letter agreement ] 
containing 
substantially the same terms as this letter agreement with respect to the mortgage loan (ΓÇ£
Mortgage 
Letter Agreement
ΓÇ¥). Lender agrees that any and all rights under this letter agreement are subordinate to 
any and all rights o
f 
Mortgage 
Lender under the Mortgage
 
Letter Agreement 
as long as the Mortgage 
Letter Agreement is effective.  
[
IF MORTGAGE LENDER IS THE MEZZANINE LENDER
 
If, when a notice 
of default is issued, the notice address for "Lender" under more than one letter agreement is the same, 
Franchisor's obligation to provide notice to Lender at the address designated in more than one letter shall 
be satisfied by sending one notice, and multiple notices shall not be required.
]
 
 
[
IF PRIOR 
LENDER COMFORT LETTER
 
EXIS
TS
: 
 
Reference is also made to 
a
 
le
tter agreement dated __________
_ 
among 
Franchisor [
CONFIRM
], 
Franchisee [
CONFIRM
] and Lender [
CONFIRM
]
 
(
ΓÇ£
Existing Comfort Letter
ΓÇ¥).
 
[
IF WITH SAME LENDER
: 
This letter agreement replaces the Existing Comfort Letter
, which is null and void, and of no further force 
or effect
. ]
 
[IF MORE THAN ONE EXISTING
 
COMFORT LETTER
, MODIFY
 
THIS AND
 
┬╢┬╢ 
5
 
AND 
6 
BELOW
]
 
 
1.
 
Cure Period
.
 
 
(a)
 
Notice
 
of Franchisee Default
.  
Franchisor
 
will concurrently provide Lender a copy 
of any default notice sent to 
Franchisee
 
under the 
Franchise Agreement
. 
The notice will be sent to Lender 
at the address set forth above or such other address designated by Lender in writing, provided that only a 
single address may be designated and it may not be a P.O. Box.  
 
 
(b)
 
LenderΓÇÖs Cure Periods
.  
Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, to 
cure the default within fifteen (15) calendar days beyond the expiration of any cure period given to 
Franchisee (ΓÇ£
LenderΓÇÖs Cure Period
ΓÇ¥). If the default is for failure to comply with physical standards or 
other non
-
monetary default which could only be cured by Lender acquiring possession of the Hotel and/or 
ownership of Franchisee (each, an ΓÇ£
Acquisition
ΓÇ¥), Lender may have an additional period of one hundred 
eighty (180) cale
ndar days, commencing at the expiration of LenderΓÇÖs Cure Period, to complete its 
Acquisition, through UCC sale, foreclosure or other appropriate proceedings (ΓÇ£
Additional Period
ΓÇ¥); 
provided, that Lender must: (i)
 
notify Franchisor no later than the date it commences proceedings (or 
promptly after action is stayed or enjoined) that Lender wants the Additional Period; (ii)
 
commence 
proceedings and diligently prosecute such proceedings to completion within the Additional Period; and 
(iii)
 
comply with the obliga
tions of Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement not being performed by 
Franchisee during the Additional Period including payment of all monetary obligations but excluding those 
obligations which can only be performed by Franchisee or which Lender cannot perform without 
possession of the Hotel and/or ownership of Franchisee. On request by Lender, the Additional Period 
may be extended by Franchisor in its determination, which determination shall take into consideration the 
period of time required to complet
e an Acquisition in the applicable jurisdiction, and any period of time in 
which LenderΓÇÖs action has been stayed or enjoined. If Franchisor has not issued a default notice to 

Lender
 
Re:
 
Hotel Name 
ΓÇô
 
Facility No. _____
 
             
Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter
 
Page 
3
 
{004028
-
999987 M0027976.DOC; 1}
 
Franchisee
 
or Lender has cured FranchiseeΓÇÖs default during LenderΓÇÖs Cure Period
, and Lender 
commences a UCC sale, foreclosure or other proceeding intended to result in an Acquisition, Lender may 
exercise the rights under this letter agreement under the terms and timelines outlined in this 
Subparagraph. If Franchisor has not issued a default notice, LenderΓÇÖs notice to Franchisor 
of FranchiseeΓÇÖs 
default under the Loan 
will be deemed to begin LenderΓÇÖs Cure Period and Additional Period. Franchisor 
acknowledges and agrees that an Acquisition shall not be deemed a sale or lease of the Hotel under the 
Franchise Agreement, nor a violation of any control or transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement, 
and shall not be subject to any right of first refusal or right of first offer contained in the Franchise 
Agreement.
 
 
(c)
 
FranchisorΓÇÖs Rights to Terminate Franchise Agreement
. 
Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this letter agreement, 
Franchisor
 
may terminate the 
Franchise Agreement
 
if any o
f the 
following occur: 
(i)
 
FranchiseeΓÇÖs 
default or any subsequent default, in the sole opinion of 
Franchisor
, 
damages the image or reputation of 
Franchisor
 
or any brand name owned and/or licensed by Hilton 
Worldwide
 
Holdings
 
Inc.
, a Delaware corporation, or its subsidiaries or affiliates
 
(
collectively, 
ΓÇ£
H
ilto
n
ΓÇ¥)
; 
(ii)
 
Franchisor
 
is required to terminate the 
Franchise Agreement
 
by court order or action of any trustee in 
bankruptcy or debtor in possessi
on of the Hotel; 
or 
(iii)
 
the Additional Period expires without other 
arrangements satisfactory to 
Franchisor
 
in its sole discretion having been entered into between 
Franchisor
 
and Lender
.
 
 
(d)
 
Expiration of Franchise Agreement
. 
Nothing in this letter agreement will extend 
the 
Franchise Agreement
 
beyond its stated expiration date.  
 
 
(
e
)
 
Receiver Appointment.
 
If a receiver is appointed to operate the Hotel at the 
request of Lender, 
Franchisor
 
may
 
require the receiver to enter into 
Franchisor
ΓÇÖs then
-
current form of 
receiver agreement
, with such modifications as mutually agreed between Franchisor, Lender and 
receiver, 
or other documentation that 
Franchisor considers reasonably necessary
.
 
 
2.
 
A
ssumption
 
and Amendment
.
 
 
(a)
 
A
ssumption
. 
Lender will be deemed to have assumed 
the rights and obligations 
of Franchisee under 
the Franchise Agreement 
as of
 
the date of the Acquisition
, 
and will be obligated to 
perform all of the obligatio
ns of 
Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement existing at or accruing after 
the date of the Acquisition
, including the payment of fees owed to Franchisor
 
(ΓÇ£
Assumption
ΓÇ¥). 
In 
connection with the Assumption, Lender must diligently cure all defaults which it could not cure before the 
Acquisition, within the time period determined by Franchisor based on the nature of the default and/or the 
condition of the Hotel at the time of LenderΓÇÖs Acquisition
.
 
 
 
(b)
 
Amendment
. 
Lender must,
 
within ten (10) business days after 
Franchisor
ΓÇÖs 
request,
 
provide 
Franchisor
 
all information necessary for 
Franchisor
 
to 
determine that Lender is not a 
Sanctioned P
erson (as defined below
)
, and deliver any other documents regarding LenderΓÇÖs ownership 
structure that Franchisor reasonably requests. 
Franchisor 
will 
promptly prepare an amendment to the 
Franchise Agreement (ΓÇ£
Amendment
ΓÇ¥) to document the Assumption, and 
deliver the Amendment to 
Lender
. Lender must 
execute and return the Amendment to 
Franchisor
 
within ten (10) business da
ys after 
receipt from 
Franchisor
. 
LenderΓÇÖs failure to timely execute and deliver to 
Franchisor
 
the Amendment shall 
be a default under the 
Franchise Agreement
 
entitling 
Franchisor
 
to terminate the 
Franchise Agreement
. 
Any renovation requirements imposed by Franchisor in connection with the Assumption will not exceed 
those which Franchisor could have imposed had Franchisee remained as the Franchisee under the 
Franchise Agreement.  
In lieu of any transfer or application fee for the Assumption, Lender agrees to pay 
Franchisor a processing fee equal to the permitted transfer fee in the Franchise Agreement. If the 
Franchise Agreement does not reference a permitted transfer fee, then the processing fee will be Five 
Thousand 
Five Hundred 
Dollars ($5,
5
00). 
 

Lender
 
Re:
 
Hotel Name 
ΓÇô
 
Facility No. _____
 
             
Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter
 
Page 
4
 
{004028
-
999987 M0027976.DOC; 1}
 
 
(c)
 
LenderΓÇÖs Sale to Third Party After Assumption
.  The transfer provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement
 
will apply to any sale, assignment or transfer 
by 
Lender
 
after an Assumption
.  If the 
transfer is to a third party who desires to continue to operate the Hotel, these provisions require a change 
of ownership application
, approval of the third party
 
and 
payment of an 
application fee.
 
 
3.
 
Notice
 
to Franchisor
. Lender agrees to no
tify 
Franchisor
 
(a)
 
contemporaneously with 
the commencement of any action that may result in an Acquisition
;
 
(b)
 
contemporaneously with 
the filing 
of a petition for appointment of a receiver or any other action 
initiated by Lender 
that materially impacts 
possession 
of the Hotel
;
 
(c)
 
promptly after an
 
Acquisition of the date the Acquisition occurred, or 
(d)
 
promptly after Lender no longer has a security interest in the 
equity ownership of Franchisee
 
or the 
Loan is paid in full, but LenderΓÇÖs failure to give notice under this 
Subparagraph
 
3(d)
 
will not affect the 
automatic termination of this letter agreement under Paragraph
 
11 [NO ESTOPPEL
] 
12 
[
ESTOPPEL]
. 
Lender further agrees to promptly provide to Franchisor a copy of 
any 
o
rder appointing a 
r
eceiver
 
or any 
other judicial or administrative order 
from an action initiated by Lender 
that 
materially 
impacts 
possession 
of the Hotel. All n
otices to 
Franchisor
 
should be sent to the following address or such other address
 
periodically
 
designated by 
Franchisor
 
in writing:
 
 
Hilton Worldwide
 
Holdings
 
Inc.
 
 
Attention:  General Counsel
 
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100
 
McLean
, VA
 
22102
 
 
If Lender wishes to send a notice to Franchisor regarding securitizations, Lender may send the notice by 
any method described above, or by email
 
(with read receipt confirmation)
 
at 
Lender.Comfort.Letters@hilton.com or such other email address as Franchisor may periodically 
designate by notice to Lender.
 
 
4.
 
Confidentiality and Non
-
Disclosure
.  The provisions of this letter agreement shall not 
be disclosed by Lender or 
Franchisee
 
to any third party, 
excepting (a)
 
the respective employees, 
directors, officers, agents, regulators or legal and financial representatives of each of Franchisee, Lender 
and LenderΓÇÖs servicers, trustees and certificate holders, on a need
-
to
-
know basis; (b) as required by law; 
(c) as mutually agreed to by the parties; (d) as part of any due diligence performed as a part of a sale, 
assignment, 
participation or securitization of the Loan by Lender, or a sale of the Hotel after an 
Acquisition; (e) any investor or potential investor in, or underwriter of, the Loan; and/or (f) any rating 
agency that rates
 
securities backed by the Loan. 
Except as provided above, 
Franchisee
 
and Lender 
agree not to copy, reproduce or otherwise make available in any form whatsoever to any other person, 
firm, corporation, or business the provisions of this letter agreement
. 
 
 
5.
 
Franchisee
 
Estoppel and Release
.  As consideration for this letter agreement relating 
to the Loan, 
Franchisee
 
hereby:
 
 
(a)
 
certifies to 
Franchisor
 
that the 
Franchise Agreement
 
is in full force and effect, 
and no default, claim, breach, offset, defense to full and strict enforcement, waiver, or estoppel 
(collectively, ΓÇ£
Claim
ΓÇ¥), or condition that could with passage of time, giving notice or otherwise become a 
Claim, currently exists or has existed against 
Franchisor
 
under the 
Franchise Agreement
 
[IF
 
APPLICABLE
: or the Existing Comfort Letter].
 
 
(b)
 
[IF APPLICABLE: represents that the loan referenced in the Existing Comfort 
Letter has been paid in full 
[
DELETE FIRST CLAUSE IF LOAN IS BEING ASSUMED
] 
and agrees that the 
Existing Comfort Letter is null and void and of no further force and effect, and 
Franchisor
 
has no 
obligations of any kind under
 
the Existing Comfort Letter
.
]
 
 

Lender
 
Re:
 
Hotel Name 
ΓÇô
 
Facility No. _____
 
             
Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter
 
Page 
5
 
{004028
-
999987 M0027976.DOC; 1}
 
(c)
 
agrees that this letter agreement will remain in full force and effect in favor of 
Lender with respect to the Loan, as the Loan may 
periodically
 
be modified, amended, extended, 
supplemented, or restated. 
 
 
(d)
 
agrees that this letter agreement was provided to Lender at 
Franchisee
ΓÇÖs 
request.
 
 
(e)
 
fully and forever releases, discharges, and agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold 
harmless 
Franchisor
, its predecessors, successors and assigns and each of their respective former and 
present officers, employees, directors, shareholders, partners, members, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, 
alter egos, representatives, agents, and attorneys (collect
ively, 
the 
ΓÇ£
Released Parties
ΓÇ¥), from any and all 
Claims, demands, liens, actions, agreements, suits, causes of action, obligations, controversies, debts, 
costs, attorneyΓÇÖs fees, expenses, damages, judgments, orders, and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in 
law, equity, or otherwise, whether no
w known or suspected which have existed, may
 
or do exist 
(ΓÇ£
Released Claims
ΓÇ¥), based on any facts, events, or omissions occurring 
before
 
the execution of this 
letter agreement which arise out of, concern, pertain, or relate in any way to the 
Franchise Agreement
 
[IF 
APPLICABLE: or the Existing Comfort Letter].
 
Franchisee
 
acknowledges that it may hereafter discover 
C
laims presently unknown or unsuspected, or facts in addition to or different from those which it now 
knows or believes to be true, with respect to the matters released 
by this letter agreement
.  Nevertheless, 
Franchisee
 
fully and finally settles and releases all such matters, and all 
C
laims relative thereto, which do 
now exist, may exist or have existed between the Released Parties and 
Franchisee
.
 
 
6.
 
Lender Estoppel and Release
.  As consideration for this letter agreement relating to the 
Loan:
 
 
(a)
 
Lender hereby 
certifies to Franchisor that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person. 
ΓÇ£
Sanctioned Person
ΓÇ¥
 
means any person, entity, or Government, including those with Control over such 
persons or entities, or acting on behalf of such persons or entity, who is subject to Trade Restrictions that 
prohibit or restrict the PartiesΓÇÖ performance of the PartiesΓÇÖ obligations under this Agreement.
  
ΓÇ£
Trade 
Restrictions
ΓÇ¥ means trade, economic or investment sanctions, export controls, anti
-
terrorism, non
-
proliferation, anti
-
money laundering and similar restrictions in force pursuant to laws, rules and 
regulations imposed under Laws to which the Parties are subject.
 
 
(b)
 
Lender hereby 
represents and warrants in favor of Franchisor that Lender
 
is not 
a Competitor of Franchisor.
 
 
(c)
 
Lender hereby represents and warrants in favor of Franchisor that [IF LENDER 
IS A BANK] Lender does not own any Equity Interest in Franchisee [IF LENDER IS NOT A BANK] neither 
Lender nor any of its officers or directors own any Equity Interest in Franchisee
.
  
 
 
(d)
 
Lender hereby 
agrees that this letter agreement shall remain in full force and 
effect in favor of Lender with respect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, 
extended, supplemented or restated
 
without the need for further action by Lender or Franchisor
.
 
 
 
(e)
 
[
IF LENDER IS A PARTY TO EXISTING COMFORT LETTER
:] Lender hereby 
certifies to Franchisor that no Claim, or condition that could with the passage of time, giving notice or 
otherwise become a Claim by Lender, currently exists or has existed against Franchisor under the 
Existing Comfort Letter; agrees that the Existing Comfort Letter is null and void and of no further force 
and effect; and agrees that Franchisor has no obligations of any kind under the Existing Comfort Letter.
 
 
(f)
 
[
IF 
FOR A LOAN ORIGINATED AT AN EARLIER DATE:
 
Lender hereby 
represents and warrants 
as of the date of its signature below 
that Lender has not issued a notice of 

Lender
 
Re:
 
Hotel Name 
ΓÇô
 
Facility No. _____
 
             
Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter
 
Page 
6
 
{004028
-
999987 M0027976.DOC; 1}
 
default with respect to the Loan and is not aware of any issue that currently constitutes a default under 
the Loan and that Lender has not taken any action intended to result in Lender acquiring possession of 
the Hotel and/or ownership of 
Franchisee
.
 
 
 
(g)
 
Lender hereby 
fully and forever releases, discharges, and agrees to indemnify, 
defend and hold harmless the Released Parties from any and all Released Claims by Lender based on 
any facts, events, or omissions occurring 
before
 
the execution of this letter agreement which arise out of, 
concern, pertain, or relate in any way to th
is letter agre
e
ment
.
 
[
IF LENDER IS A PARTY TO EXISTING 
COMFORT LETTER
:, ADD 
or
 
the Existing Comfort Letter
.
]
 
[FOR CANADA ONLY ; 
provided, however 
that this release will not relieve any of the Released Parties from any liability imposed by the 
Ontario 
Arthur Wishart Act (Franchise Disclosure), 2000, that may have existed as of the Effective Date of this 
Assignment
.]
 
 
7.
 
[
IF REQUESTED
, CHECK
 
REFERENCE
S
 
in 
┬╢┬╢ 
3 
/
 
6
 
Franchisor Estoppel
.  Subject to 
the acknowledgement by Lender that Franchisor does not own or operate the Hotel, Franchisor hereby 
certifies to Lender that, to FranchisorΓÇÖs knowledge as of the date indicated on the first page of this letter 
agreement, (a) the Franchise Agreement is in full force and effect, and (b) no 
D
efault currently exists 
under the Franchise Agreement. ΓÇ£
FranchisorΓÇÖs knowledge
ΓÇ¥ means the actual knowledge of applicable 
and reasonably obvious Hotel operational matters regularly reviewed by company employees who have 
given their attention to such matters in the ordinary course of business and does not include any 
investigation by those employees or others of other matters or beyond their usual and customary reviews 
of the Hotel, nor does it include constructive notice of matters or information located in public or Hotel 
records. "
Default
" means matters which have been the subject of an actual notice of default under the 
Franchise Agreement and does not include matters which are or may be in process, under discussion, or 
otherwise addressed
. [
IF
 
QUALIFIERS
:
 
Notwithstanding the 
foregoing
, Lender is advised that the Hotel 
failed its most recent Quality Assurance Inspection
, but the failure is not a Default
 
]
.
 
 
8.
 
Assignment
.  This letter agreement may not be assigned by Lender without the written 
consent of 
Franchisor
; provided, however, 
Franchisor
ΓÇÖs consent 
is 
not required for any assignment to
:
 
 
(a)
 
a direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate 
of Lender in connection with an 
Acquisition.
 
 
(b)
 
the trustee in a securitization 
if
 
Lender 
(i)
 
directly transfers the Loan to the 
truste
e
 
and
 
(ii)
 
gives notice to 
Franchisor
 
within thirty (30) days of the transfer
,
 
identifying the new 
ΓÇ£LenderΓÇ¥ and the new address for notice. If Lender fully complies with the provisions of this 
Subparagraph
, Franchisor will recognize the trustee as ΓÇ£LenderΓÇ¥ under this letter agreement but 
Franchisor may, in its discretion, reject any notice that is not sent by Lender or that is not sent in a timely 
manner in accordance with this 
Subparagraph
.
 
 
(c)
 
[
IF LENDER IS ACTING AS AN ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
:] any successor 
administrative agent with respect to the Loan if the successor is 
a national bank, 
state
-
chartered bank, 
commercial bank, 
or the U.S. branch of a foreign bank authorized to operate in the U.S.
,
 
and the 
administrative agent identified as ΓÇ£LenderΓÇ¥ under this letter agreement gives notice to Franchisor, 
identifying the new ΓÇ£LenderΓÇ¥ and the new address for notice, within thirty (30) days of the transfer, but 
Franchisor may, in its discretion, reject any notice that is not sent by Lender or that is not sent in a timely 
manner in accordance with this Subparagraph.
 
 
(d)
 
any subsequent holder or holders of the Loan (ΓÇ£
Assignee
ΓÇ¥) 
if 
(1)
 
the Loan is not 
in default when notice is given;
 
(2)
 
Lender gives notice to Franchisor, identifying Assignee and the new 
address for notice, within thirty (30) days of the transfer; and (3)
 
the Assignee (i) is a 
national bank, state
-
chartered bank, 
commercial bank, investment bank, pension fund, finance company, insurance company, 

Lender
 
Re:
 
Hotel Name 
ΓÇô
 
Facility No. _____
 
             
Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter
 
Page 
7
 
{004028
-
999987 M0027976.DOC; 1}
 
or other financial institution engaged in the business of making loans or any fund managed by any of the 
foregoing, (ii) is not a 
Competitor 
of Franchisor, and (iii) does not own directly or indirectly, any equity 
interest in Franchisee or its constituent owners; provided, however, that Franchisor may
, in its discretion,
 
reject a notice if the Loan is in default when notice is given, or if the notice is not sent by Lender, or if 
notice is not sent in a timely manner in accordance with this 
Subparagraph
. On receipt and acceptance of 
the notice, Franchisor will promptly prepare its then
-
current form of Assignment and Assumption 
Agreement (ΓÇ£
Assignment
ΓÇ¥) and Lender and Assignee must promptly execute and return the Assignment. 
Franchisor may charge a nominal fee for processing the Assignment. If there is more than one Assignee, 
the Assignees must (i) designate a single representative to receive notices, negotiate on behalf of and 
bind each Assignee in connection with this letter agreement and any assignment thereof, and (ii) 
acknowledge that Franchisor shall be entitled to rely on such designation and deal solely with such 
representative without the necessity of notifying, negotiating with, or obtaining the consent of, each 
Assignee.
 
 
9.
 
Communication with Lender
.  Franchisee agrees that Franchisor may discuss with 
Lender or its designee the status of the Hotel, the Franchise Agreement, or any matter to which Lender is 
entitled to notice under the terms of this letter agreement.  Franchisee agrees that the Released Parties 
shall not be liable to Franchisee for taking any action or providing any information required or 
contemplated by this letter agreement.
 
 
10.
 
Management
.  Any c
hange to 
the management company for the Hotel (ΓÇ£
Management
ΓÇ¥) 
made by Lender or a receiver before an Assumption
 
is subject to FranchisorΓÇÖs prior written approval. 
Franchisor will use its business judgment in determining whether to approve the new Management. After 
an Assumption, the terms of the Franchise Agreement will go
vern with respect to Management, provided, 
however, 
Lender shall not be bound by any
 
requirements of the Franchise Agreement to manage the 
Hotel itself.
 
 
11.
 
Execution
.  
This letter agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which will be 
considered an original. The parties agree to conduct the transaction by electronic means which will be 
initiated by Franchisor.
 
An authorized representative of Franchisor will countersign on behalf of 
Franchisor when all conditions are fulfilled.
 
 
12.
 
Effectiveness
 
and Termination
.  
This letter agreement will be effective only when 
Franchisor receives signatures indicating acceptance by Lender and Franchisee and FranchisorΓÇÖs 
authorized representative countersigns on the signature page
. 
If Franchisor does not receive signed 
copies from Lender and Franchisee within thirty (30) days from the date indicated on the first page of this 
letter agreement, FranchisorΓÇÖs offer to ent
er into this letter agreement may be
 
withdrawn. 
Once effective, 
this letter agreement will automatically terminate if (a)
 
Lender no longer has a security interest in 
Franchisee
 
or the Loan is paid in full, (b)
 
Lender transfers the Loan to another entity unless this letter 
agreement is assigned in compliance with its terms, (c)
 
Lender 
materially 
breaches this letter agreement, 
(d)
 
Lender has been taken over in any manner by
 
any state or federal agency,
 
(e)
 
Franchisee transfers 
the Franchise Agreement
 
and the transfer results in a new franchise agreement being entered
, or (f) 
Franchisor terminates the Franchise Agreement
 
in accordance with this letter 
agreement
.
 
 
13.
 
General
.  
No entity may exercise any rights as Lender 
under this letter agreement
 
if the 
entity or any affiliate is or becomes the owner of a direct or indirect beneficial interest (except a strictly 
passive interest) in 
Franchisee
, other than through the exercise of rights under the Loan.  
The provisions 
of this letter agreement are applicable only for the Hotel and the parties to this letter agreement. I
ssuance 
and execution of this letter agreement or the granting of any conditions provided 
in this lette
r agreement
 
does not constitute an obligation on 
Franchisor
ΓÇÖs part to provide the same at any future date. 
This letter 
agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties to this letter agreement in regard to the matters 

Lender
 
Re:
 
Hotel Name 
ΓÇô
 
Facility No. _____
 
             
Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter
 
Page 
8
 
{004028
-
999987 M0027976.DOC; 1}
 
addressed in this letter agreement.
  
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this letter agreement shall 
have the meanings assigned to the term in the Franchise Agreement.
 
 
Sincerely,
 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC
 
OR SELECT HLT EXISTING FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC
 
OR IF HOTEL IS IN CANADA 
HILTON WORLDWIDE FRANCHISING LP
 
 
Signature Blocks on Following Page
 

Lender
 
Re:
 
Hotel Name 
ΓÇô
 
Facility No. _____
 
             
Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter
 
Page 
9
 
{004028
-
999987 M0027976.DOC; 1}
 
LENDER
:
 
 
[NAME]
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accepted and agreed to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DATE
 
 
 
FRANCHISEE:
 
 
[NAME]
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accepted and agreed to
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DATE
 
 
 
FRANCHISOR:
 
 
HILTON FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC
 
OR SELECT HLT EXISTING FRANCHISE HOLDING LLC
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
Effective Date:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Lender
 
Re:
 
Hotel Name 
ΓÇô
 
Facility No. _____
 
             
Mezzanine Lender Comfort Letter
 
Page 
10
 
{004028
-
999987 M0027976.DOC; 1}
 
FRANCHISOR IF HOTEL IS IN CANADA
 
 
HILTON WORLDWIDE FRANCHISING LP, 
 
a limited partnership formed under the laws of England and Wales
 
 
By:
 
HILTON WORLDWIDE MANAGE LIMITED,
 
Its General Partner
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
Authorized Signatory
 
 
 
 
Effective Date:
 
 
 
 
 
 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT L 
  

 
 
State Effective Dates 
 
The following states have franchise laws that require that the Franchise Disclosure 
Document be registered or filed with the state, or be exempt from registration:  
California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, 
North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin.  
This document is effective and may be used in the following states, where the 
document is filed, registered or exempt from registration, as of the Effective Date 
stated below: 
 
State Effective Date 
California  
Hawaii  
Illinois  
Indiana  
Maryland  
Michigan  
Minnesota  
New York  
North Dakota  
Rhode Island  
South Dakota  
Virginia  
Washington  
Wisconsin  
 
Other states may require registration, filing, or exemption of a franchise under 
other laws, such as those that regulate the offer and sale of business opportunities 
or seller-assisted marketing plans. 
 
 

┬á
┬á
 
 
 
 
E
XHIBIT M 
 

 Page 1 of 2 2026 US FDD CURIO RECEIPT 
RECEIPT 
 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC 
CURIO 
 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other 
information in plain language.  Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully.  
If Hilton Franchise Holding LLC offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you 14 
calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an 
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.   
Connecticut and Michigan require that we give you this disclosure document at least 10 business days 
before the execution of any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, 
whichever occurs first. 
Iowa and Maine require that we give you the disclosure document at the earlier of the first personal 
meeting or 14 days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, us in connection 
with the proposed franchise sale. 
If Hilton Franchise Holding LLC does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false 
or misleading statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have 
occurred and should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580 and the state 
agency listed on Exhibit I.   
The franchisor is Hilton Franchise Holding LLC, located at 7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100 , 
McLean, VA 22102.  Its telephone number is 703-883-1000.   
Issuance date: March 30, 2026 
The franchise seller for this offering is [name] _______ ________________________________________, 
[title] ____________________, [address], ______________ ____________________________, 
[telephone number] ________________________.  
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC authorizes the respective state agencies identified on Exhibit I to receive 
service of process for it in the particular state.   
I received a disclosure document dated March 30, 2026, that included the following Exhibits: 
 
Exhibit A List of Franchised Hotels as of December 31, 2025 
Exhibit B List of Franchised Hotels Terminated, Canceled, Not Renewed or with Changes in Controlling 
Interest During 2025 
Exhibit C Financial Statements  
Exhibit D Franchise Agreement and Addendum 
Exhibit D-1 State Addenda to Franchise Agreement 
Exhibit D-2 Development Incentive Promissory Note 
Exhibit D-3 Eforea Spa Amendment 
Exhibit D-4 Restaurant Brand Amendment 
Exhibit E Guaranty of Franchise Agreement  
Exhibit F Franchise Application 
Exhibit G Information Technology System Agreement (HITS Agreement) 
Exhibit H-1 Manual Table of Contents ΓÇô Brand Standards 
Exhibit H-2 Manual Table of Contents ΓÇô Eforea Spa Operating Standards 
Exhibit H-3 Manual Table of Contents ΓÇô Restaurant Brands 
Exhibit I  State Administrators and Agents for Service of Process 
Exhibit J-1 State Addenda to Disclosure Document 
Exhibit J-2 Restaurant Brands Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Exhibit K Lender Comfort Letter Forms 
Exhibit L State Effective Dates 
Exhibit M Receipts 

 Page 2 of 2 2026 US FDD CURIO RECEIPT 
PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE: 
If a corporation or other business entity: 
 
 _______________________________________ 
                      (Name of Entity) 
 
By:        
 (Signature) 
 
Printed Name:        
Title:         
Date:         
 
If an individual: 
 
  ___________________________________ 
                       (Signature) 
 
  ___________________________________ 
                       (Printed Name) 
 
Date:   ______________________________ 
 
 
CITY/STATE OF PROPOSED HOTEL(S):  _________________________________________________ 
 
 
PLEASE SIGN THIS RECEIPT IN DUPLICATE , RETAIN ONE FOR YOUR RECORDS,  AND RETURN 
ONE SIGNED COPY (FRONT AND BACK) TO: 
 

 Page 1 of 2 2026 US FDD CURIO RECEIPT 
RECEIPT 
 
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC 
CURIO 
 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other 
information in plain language.  Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully.  
If Hilton Franchise Holding LLC offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you 14 
calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an 
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.   
Connecticut and Michigan require that we give you this disclosure document at least 10 business days 
before the execution of any binding franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, 
whichever occurs first. 
Iowa and Maine require that we give you the disclosure document at the earlier of the first personal 
meeting or 14 days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, us in connection 
with the proposed franchise sale. 
If Hilton Franchise Holding LLC  does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false 
or misleading statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have 
occurred and should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580 and the state 
agency listed on Exhibit I.   
The franchisor is Hilton Franchise Holding LLC , located at 7930  Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100 , 
McLean, VA 22102.  Its telephone number is 703-883-1000.   
Issuance date: March 30, 2026 
The franchise seller for this offering is [name] _______ ________________________________________, 
[title] ____________________, [address], ______________ ____________________________, 
[telephone number] ________________________.  
Hilton Franchise Holding LLC  authorizes the respective state agencies identified on Exhibit I to receive 
service of process for it in the particular state.   
I received a disclosure document dated March 30, 2026, that included the following Exhibits: 
Exhibit A List of Franchised Hotels as of December 31, 2025 
Exhibit B List of Franchised Hotels Terminated, Canceled, Not Renewed or with Changes in Controlling 
Interest During 2025 
Exhibit C Financial Statements  
Exhibit D Franchise Agreement and Addendum 
Exhibit D-1 State Addenda to Franchise Agreement 
Exhibit D-2 Development Incentive Promissory Note 
Exhibit D-3 Eforea Spa Amendment 
Exhibit D-4 Restaurant Brand Amendment 
Exhibit E Guaranty of Franchise Agreement  
Exhibit F Franchise Application 
Exhibit G Information Technology System Agreement (HITS Agreement) 
Exhibit H-1 Manual Table of Contents ΓÇô Brand Standards 
Exhibit H-2 Manual Table of Contents ΓÇô Eforea Spa Operating Standards 
Exhibit H-3 Manual Table of Contents ΓÇô Restaurant Brands 
Exhibit I  State Administrators and Agents for Service of Process 
Exhibit J-1 State Addenda to Disclosure Document 
Exhibit J-2 Restaurant Brands Addendum to Disclosure Document 
Exhibit K Lender Comfort Letter Forms 
Exhibit L State Effective Dates 
Exhibit M Receipts 

 Page 2 of 2 2026 US FDD CURIO RECEIPT 
PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE: 
If a corporation or other business entity: 
 
 _______________________________________ 
                      (Name of Entity) 
 
By:        
 (Signature) 
 
Printed Name:        
Title:         
Date:         
 
If an individual: 
 
  ___________________________________ 
                       (Signature) 
 
  ___________________________________ 
                       (Printed Name) 
 
Date:   ______________________________ 
 
 
CITY/STATE OF PROPOSED HOTEL(S):  _________________________________________________ 
 
 
PLEASE SIGN THIS RECEIPT IN DUPLICATE, RETAIN ONE FOR YOUR RECORDS, AND RETURN 
ONE SIGNED COPY (FRONT AND BACK) TO: 
