Managed by Marriott Skip to main content Marriott International Hotel Development Home The Marriott Advantage Power of Marriott Our Story and Culture Hotel Development Brands Overview Luxury Brands Premium Brands Select Brands Extended Stay Brands Midscale Brands All-Inclusive Apartments How We Work Together Franchising Managed By Marriott Download an FDD Meet the Team Careers Core Values &amp; Heritage Corporate Social Responsibility Branded Residences Investor News Language Selector ar - Managed by Marriott ar Go to ar Version of Site en - Managed by Marriott en Go to en Version of Site fr - Managed by Marriott fr Go to fr Version of Site de - Managed by Marriott de Go to de Version of Site id - Managed by Marriott id Go to id Version of Site it - Managed by Marriott it Go to it Version of Site ko - Managed by Marriott ko Go to ko Version of Site pl - Managed by Marriott pl Go to pl Version of Site pt - Managed by Marriott pt Go to pt Version of Site es - Managed by Marriott es Go to es Version of Site th - Managed by Marriott th Go to th Version of Site tr - Managed by Marriott tr Go to tr Version of Site vi - Managed by Marriott vi Go to vi Version of Site Linkdin URL Contact us - Managed by Marriott Contact us Own The Future Contact us Menu Home Managed by Marriott We have one simple goal&hellip;to maximize your financial performance. With nearly 100 years of hospitality experience, there's no other company like us in the business. We manage over 2,100 hotels in the MxM portfolio and have expertise running all types of hotels including luxury, premium, select, and all-inclusive brands across the globe. Developing a partnership with you and adding value to your investment are at the heart of MxM. We want a management company we trust and who we can count on. That&#39;s why we selected Managed by Marriott to operate the Courtyard Avalon. They have the ability, talent and culture to maximize the value of our hotels. Due to that culture coupled with their scale and reputation, they can pull from an experienced talent pipeline and that directly leads to results. At this Courtyard, one of the biggest advantages of MxM was their sales and revenue management organization. The hotel was backed by an army of talented people who with a flip of a switch could activate all their sales channels. Their passionate teams truly care about the success of our hotel - from the customer experience to driving top and bottom line results. – Jonathon Vopinek CEO &amp; President, White Label Asset Management Aloft Providence Provide Unmatched Expertise MxM provides turnkey management services and has more than 65 years of strategic operational expertise. With that comes deep expertise and long-standing customer and industry relationships built on trust and a commitment to excellence. Our ethical approach to how we operate has made MxM one of the largest operators of hotels globally. Our name recognition gives MxM the ability to attract and retain top talent. MxM has an associate retention rate &asymp;50% better than the industry average, providing owners a variety of benefits from cost savings to improved productivity. Managed by Marriott-Provide Unmatched Expertise Read More Less New York Marriott Marquis Maximize Your Topline We have an unwavering ability to drive topline results and RevPAR premiums. The competitive advantage of our MxM topline organization is the synergy between the Sales, Revenue Management and Marketing associates that creates and executes a MxM hotel's revenue strategy. Using our industry-leading revenue management tools, MxM leaders continually implement and refine strategies to increase rate and react immediately to changing market conditions. We separate sales from service so on-property teams can focus on their guests, and we provide continuous staff coverage to capture the most leads. You get all the topline services with MxM and we customize the approach based on your unique needs. Managed by Marriott-Maximize Your Topline Read More Less The Ritz-Carlton, Baku Improve the Bottomline The size and scale of MxM gives us stability and creates efficiencies and negotiating power that others can't match. We can quickly ramp up new hotels and plug them into the MxM system to grow revenue, drive occupancy and implement cost savings. No other company understands and operates Marriott International brands like us. Who better to run your hotel than those who know the brands and the Marriott systems the best? Managed by Marriott-Improve the Bottomline Read More Less AC/Moxy Downtown Los Angeles Deliver Results With Our Passionate People We have a shared value with our owners to expect excellence. It&#39;s based on our history of Putting People First. Our deep-rooted culture and values are engrained in associates, which drives a passion to go above and beyond in our MxM hotels. Many companies say it's their people that make the difference&hellip; we have the expertise and data to back that up. About 90% of our GMs grew their careers at MxM hotels. Our GMs are connected to a large network of highly experience leaders so you can get immediate solutions to even the most complex situations. Managed by Marriott-Deliver Results With Our Passionate People Read More Less Ask Our MxM Team Got More Questions? Ask Our MxM Team-Managed by Marriott Contact Us Ask Our MxM Team Case Studies Customizing Sales Approach To Drive Group Business MxM began managing a new hotel in small downtown city that's primary source of revenue came from business travelers. Due to the pandemic, business travelers to the hotels dropped across the market. With over 20 years working for Marriott, the GM hired to run this hotel knew he wanted to customize the sales support for the hotel and shift share. Working with the owner and MxM Area Sales team, the GM hired an on-property Director of Sales. The hotel budgeted 3,000 group room nights and secured over 8,000 group room nights - a 265% increase over budget. Their creativity and passion shifted share from the competitors and drove F&amp;B revenue by enticing locals to the venue through a variety of events every month. The property team was extremely aggressive in marketing the hotel and worked with many different social influencers establishing one of the most active social media presences for the brand. The ability to customize the sales model for this hotel and the leadership's operations and B&amp;F creativity all contributed to its success. ADR Budget of $151.60 vs. actual of $172.21 GOP 20% better than budget GSS Staff Service +10.2 higher than brand average Bench Talent &amp; A Customized Sales Strategy Delivers Results The ownership group acquired this already successful select brand hotel and brought in MxM to further drive results. The MxM team began preparing months before the transition to review the budget and find opportunities to improve the bottom and top line. Given Marriott's talent pipeline, the MxM GM quickly filled vacant positions even while the US experienced widespread staffing shortages. The above-property teams plugged the hotel into the MxM sales, marketing and revenue management model and with a skilled MxM GM at the helm who understands how to leverage the topline organization, the hotel quickly got to work on the tactics to drive occupancy and rate. The owner, GM and MxM Area Team partnered to customize the sales and marketing approach. The GM easily filled the on-property Sales Executive role with an experienced MxM sales team member with extensive knowledge of the market. The partnership with the owner and GM, along with the support she received from Marriott's corporate and above-property teams in topline, operations, finance and HR, led to a smooth transition and the hotel achieved proforma and budget across the board. In the first year with MxM, the hotel increased: Occupancy 70.3% to 76.5% ADR $132.02 to $172.97 RevPAR Index 90.31 to 190.7 Previous Slide Next Slide Careers Core Values &amp; Heritage Corporate Social Responsibility Branded Residences Investor News Terms of Use Privacy Center Help Site Map Do Not Sell My Personal Information Linkedin Copyright &copy; 1996 - 2026 Marriott International, Inc. All rights reserved Powered by MDS Back to Top CONTACT US
