HOSPITALITY | FRANCHISING | TECHNOLOGY
Internal Brand Positioning
November 2025

HOSPITALITY | FRANCHISING | TECHNOLOGY
Upscale Brands


TARGET INSIGHT – The Horizon Seekers
Defined not by where they’ve been, but by where they’re going. They are ambitious, curious, 
and still in motion: climbing in their careers, expanding their perspectives, and building lives 
rich with experience. Whether traveling for business or leisure, what unites them is a refusal 
to settle. They haven’t “arrived,” and nor do they want to.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
In a landscape dominated by legacy players, Cambria is full of energy, and ambitious for 
what’s next. Not a follower but a challenger, it disrupts the status quo and forges a future-
facing role in upscale travel. Cambria is still building, making it a natural partner for guests 
who see life as progress, not arrival.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
A brand on the rise, for people who are too
BRAND IDEA
Going Places
RATIONAL VALUE
Cambria offers a rare balance in the upscale space with modern, stylish design and 
elevated amenities, all in a refreshingly approachable package. Cambria makes 
upscale feel inviting for everyone. It’s the kind of upscale that keeps you going 
without weighing you down.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
Every journey shapes who we’re becoming. For Cambria and our guests, travel isn’t 
about standing still, it’s about progress. Our approachable upscale spaces lift you 
up and keep you moving forward, so you’re free to pursue the experiences that help 
you grow.
DESIGN – Effortlessly Refined
Spaces that are upscale yet approachable: modern, 
fresh, and inspiring without the intimidation of 
boutique pretension. From local art to open layouts, 
our design language gives guests the feeling of 
progress and possibility. 
EXPERIENCE – Fueling the Journey
Designed to spark progress and help guests grow. 
From spa-like bathrooms that reset the day to lobbies 
that invite connection, our restless challenger spirit is 
tangible at every turn. This is a place for people who 
aren’t finished yet
SERVICE – Paving the Way
Our people embody the same energy as our guests: 
attentive, personal, and forward-looking. Service is 
proactive and anticipatory, helping guests connect 
with the neighborhood, recharge for what’s ahead, 
and feel supported in their onward journey.
Arrival Experience 
The moment that guests walk into a Cambria, they 
should be greeted by a sense of space and place –
they should feel the city they’re visiting and know 
exactly where they can check in, grab a beer, or take a 
call.​
Bar Forward
Cambria delivers an inviting dining destination, 
thoughtfully designed to serve guests through an 
elevated, bar-focused, quick-service model with 
carefully crafted plates.​
Spa-Like Bathrooms
Our bathrooms are a place where guests can pamper 
themselves and recharge after a busy day at work. 
Enjoy premium spa-like bath products, lux towels, 
and Bluetooth mirrors (where available).​
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
UPSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | BRAND ARCHITECTURE (WIP)


TARGET INSIGHT
The Soul Seeker: This independent and more mature traveler, ages 40-65, values home 
comforts and nurturing experiences during shorter, frequent vacations. They prioritize 
charming accommodations that serve as a springboard for new experiences while offering 
refined comforts to unwind and recharge. 
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Independent owners seeks the best of both worlds: freedom to preserve their property’s 
unique character with the backing of a global brand. They value the soft brand model for its 
balance of individuality and proven performance through scale, distribution, and trusted 
support.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
We believe in the power of originality.
BRAND IDEA
Find your travel story. 
RATIONAL VALUE
Empowering passionate hoteliers to realize their unique vision, each Ascend 
hotel transforms into a unique and heartfelt experience, allowing guests to 
authentically connect with the hotel’s narrative. 
EMOTIONAL VALUE
We exist to protect and celebrate the unique warmth of our owners’ visions, crafting 
enriching experiences that showcase authenticity and charm. By prioritizing each owner’s 
vision, we create vibrant, distinctive environments that not only reflect their individual 
character but also invite guests to immerse themselves in a truly distinct stay. 
DESIGN – DISTINCT DETAILS
Curiosity. Creativity. Novelty. We achieve it through the details. 
From curated art to bespoke furnishings, each space is a 
harmonious blend of comfort and creativity, allowing guests to 
take in the charm of each stay.
EXPERIENCE – HOME AWAY FROM HOME
A nurturing atmosphere envelops each guest immediately upon 
arrival. Every stay feels like a cherished retreat, allowing guests to 
unwind and feel at ease, while creating lasting memories in a space 
that resonates with warmth and comfort.
SERVICE – HEARTFELT CONNECTION
Familiar greetings and attentive care define our service, reflecting 
a passionate and welcoming approach akin to that of a dedicated 
B&B innkeeper. Our team creates an atmosphere where every 
guest feels enveloped in comfort, fostering a sense of belonging. 
With every detail carefully considered, we invite you to relax and 
savor your stay in an environment that feels uniquely yours. 
BRAND TOUCHSTONES
A guest-focused activation, whether a single moment or a series, that takes place within the hotel or on its grounds. Its purpose is to express the unique character 
and story of the hotel and brand through design, product, or service, creating a distinctive and elevated guest experience.
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
UPSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | BRAND ARCHITECTURE


TARGET INSIGHT – The Balance Seeker
A traveler who values both the excitement of new experiences and their 
assurance of the familiar. They crave emotional balance: comfort without 
boredom, novelty without overwhelm. They’re loyal to trusted bands that 
deliver consistently and don’t chase trends.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
With over 115 years of experience, Radisson has always been a steady base for 
new adventures. Radisson acts as the dependable sanctuary in unfamiliar 
places while offering guests the reassurance of somewhere comfortably 
familiar from which to explore. This balance, between discovery and 
dependability, is at the heart of what makes Radisson relevant now.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
To give people the confidence to explore what’s new, by offering them the safety of what’s known.​
BRAND IDEA
Where New Feels Known
RATIONAL VALUE
We offer the ideal balance between dependability and discovery. We don’t 
chase trends, and we don’t reduce everything to efficiency. Instead, we provide 
something more grounded by growing with intention, offering calm, comfort, 
and clarity in a fast-moving world.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
Radisson exists to provide that steady, dependable base from which people 
can work, connect, discover, and rest, wherever they are in the world. To give 
people the confidence to explore what’s new, by offering them the safety of 
what’s known.
DESIGN – Balanced Calm
Spaces designed for people rather than 
magazines. Comfort over concepts, warmth 
overshow. Every environment feels intuitively 
right offering a calm, welcoming elegance that 
endures.​
EXPERIENCE – Ease of Discovery
An experience that pairsthe reassurance of the 
familiar with the freshness of discovery. Every 
interaction is designed to feel effortless and 
reduce friction, a stay that is both calming & 
memorable.​
SERVICE – Confident Authenticity 
Service is rooted in unscripted human intuition. 
There’s an ease that comes from genuine 
understanding which isn’t overly familiar nor 
forced. It’s quietly, consistently dependable.
REST RITUAL
(WIP)
SCENT PROGRAM
(WIP)
THE COZY LOBBY
(WIP)
F&B APPROACH
(WIP)
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
UPSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | BRAND ARCHITECTURE


TARGET INSIGHT
Inspired Professionals: Individuals aged 28-55, predominantly residing in urban areas. 
Passionate for exploration and seek experiences that fuel discovery. Culturally attuned, style-
conscious, and prefer unique, high-quality experiences.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
A Nordic Vanguard: Redefining Upper Upscale by blending contemporary design with warmth and an enriching 
environment. 
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
We believe in transcending the ordinary.
BRAND IDEA
Think in Blu
RATIONAL VALUE
With over 60 years of heritage in Scandinavian minimalism, combined with the 
unparalleled expertise and trust of the Choice engine, we have a strong track 
record of scaling upscale brands.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
We exist to redefine the hospitality experience, challenging the norm and 
offering a stay that combines style with substance, innovation with comfort 
and a sense of belonging in an elevated environment. 
PRODUCT - NORDIC NOUVEAU
Scandinavian-inspired design prioritizing comfort, distinctiveness, 
and warmth. Emphasizing style and purpose, our spaces are 
dynamic and stimulating. Creating iconic, inviting environments for 
unique and reliable experiences.
EXPERIENCE - ENTICING MOMENTS
Through subtle innovation and ingenuity, we craft a seamless 
experience that envelops guests in an environment that foster a 
sense of belonging and discovery. We intertwine familiar moments 
with the excitement of the new, making every stay memorable.
SERVICE - CURATORIAL WARMTH
Attention to detail and professional warmth define our service, 
reflecting a passionate and welcoming approach akin to an art 
gallery curator. Our team, confident and knowledgeable, inspires a 
sense of discovery, fostering an environment that is enlightening 
and accessible.
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
UPSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | BRAND ARCHITECTURE
Unique F&B
Radisson Blu offers a variety 
of F&B options in lively 
settings that are dynamic 
and vibrant.
Temptations
Enjoy small refreshments upon 
arrival in our welcome corner or 
high-quality sweet and savory 
items in the in-room mini-bar.
Wellbeing
Elegant bathrooms with rain 
showerheads, high-quality bath 
amenities and plush towels to 
help promote relaxation and 
restoration.
More than just WIFI
Watch your own content through 
screen mirroring on our Smart 
TVs
Sleep Experience
A well-defined, high-quality 
bed with comfortable 
bedding that supports 
individual guest preferences.


TARGET INSIGHT
Travelers who want control over their experience. No restrictions and maximum flexibility. 
Connected, style-savvy and sociable, they like to work, play and relax with informal 
environments designed with extra character..
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Upscale, select-service hotels in vibrant, urban locations.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
We believe every moment matters.
BRAND IDEA
Enjoy It!
RATIONAL VALUE
Radisson RED presents a playful twist on the conventional. We inject new life 
into hotels through informal services where anything goes, a social scene 
waiting to be shared and bold design that kick-starts the fun.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
A vibrant and stylish stay. Be inspired.
PRODUCT – DESIGN WITH ATTITUDE
A hangout for anyone who appreciates cool, 
statement design.
EXPERIENCE – SHARE & CONNECT
A buzzing interactive social scene – on and offline.
SERVICE – FUN & FLEXIBLE
Forget fixed or formal. Relax and be yourself..
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
UPSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | BRAND ARCHITECTURE
FLEXIBLE F&B
RED has a playful take on a conventional 
exper ience. Same-same but different : this 
is all about  simplicity, locality & fun. A 
premium deli with the soul of a bar. A 
buzzing hangout for meeting-up, chilling 
out or working remotely.
SUPER SLEEP EXPERIENCE
RED beds are a highlight of every room 
including so ft  crisp white linens, double 
neck comfort pillows, and RED extras.
HYPER C ONNEC TIVITY
Lighting-fast, hotel wide WiFi, next 
generation USB charging and interactive 
lo bby digiwall.
REVIVE!
Bathrooms act as a place of inspiration 
with rain showers, soft fluffy towels, 
magnifying mirrors, and distinctive artwork.
NO  STRINGS ATTACHED
All about get ting access to what you want 
on-demand like 24/7 fitness, RED kiosks, 
call & connect, and Bluetooth speakers. 


TARGET INSIGHT
Emboldened Explorers: Individuals aged 32-55, seeking out the unexpected 
and the bold at every turn. Fueled by rich storytelling and one-of-a-kind 
experiences, they approach life with an open mind, vibrant energy and a 
hunger for exploration. 
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Explorer’s Threshold: Reimaging the Collection category, by unlocking the 
untold stories of each hotel and destination, crafting experiences that spark 
curiosity and exploration. 
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
We believe in fueling curiosity.
BRAND IDEA
Explorers Welcome.
RATIONAL VALUE
For over a century, Radisson has been synonymous with hospitality excellence, 
while Choice pioneered the collection category over 20 years ago. Together, we 
bring unmatched expertise and reliability with an eye for experiences that 
spark curiosity and exploration for all.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
We exist to spark the thrill of exploration, delivering unique experiences at 
every turn. Catering to our guests innate curiosity for the untold stories our 
hotels, and their destinations, have to offer, while upholding its steadfast 
dedication to service excellence. 
PRODUCT – VIVID SETTINGS
Embracing the essence of each destination, our design is vivid 
and bold. Drawing guests into the local narrative with unique 
elements that inspire curiosity and exploration. Our 
thoughtfully crafted spaces offer a dynamic backdrop for each 
guest's journey, ensuring an environment that compels them 
to linger. 
EXPERIENCE – CHARACTERFUL ENCOUNTERS
Rooted in the thrill of exploration, we curate experiences that 
immerse guests in the local culture and spirit of each 
destination. Guided by the hotel’s untold story, we highlight 
opportunities for exploration, creating an environment where 
curiosity thrives.
SERVICE – EXPLORER’S COMPASS
Dedicated to delivering reliable service, our team embodies the 
mindset of an intrepid cartographer, facilitating to unlock 
curiosity through exploration and opening the door to new 
stories.
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
UPSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | BRAND ARCHITECTURE
ARRIVAL 
(WIP)
WINE & DINE 
(WIP)
CONNECT 
(WIP)
RESET 
(WIP)


Service Offering Select Service Full Service Select Service Full Service Full Service
Target Location Suburban, small towns and resorts Leisure – Urban, suburban and resorts Urban, suburban and small towns Key urban, suburban and airport 
lo cation s
Top 25 RevPAR markets in urban 
lo cation s
Target RevPAR $94 $130 $120 $95 $160
Market RevPAR Min $80 $110 $100 $80 $150
Minimum Quality Levels Upscale Upper Upscale Upscale Upscale Upper Upscale
Primary Project Type Conversions Conversions New Construction / Conversions / 
Adaptive Reuse
Conversions/
New Construction New Construction/ Adaptive Reuse
Target Key Count 50-100 Keys 100-200 Keys 100-200 Keys 150-300 Keys 225-300 Keys
Management Requirements Management company preferred Management company Management company required Management company required Management company required
Box Requirement Minimum 3 stories, interior corridors
(location-based exceptions) Minimum 4 stories, interior corridors Minimum 3 stories, interior corridors Minimum 4 stories, interior corridors Minimum 4 stories, interior corridors
M&E Space Requirement No meeting space Subject to brand approval Prototy pe/location dependent Minimum of 1 meeting room required, 
size based on market and space Minimum 2,000 sqf
F&B Requirement Lobby  C offee & Tea required 3 meals/day required 2 meals/day (Breakfast and Dinner) + 
bar required
Breakfast, dinner + bar required. If no 
lunch service is provided must have 
grab and go available in marketplace. 
In-room dining is optional.
Multiple venues, 3 meals/day + bar 
required
Am en ity Requirement Onsite fitness center or local access At least one onsite –fitness center, spa, 
pool Onsite fitness center Onsite fitness center Onsite fitness center, valet parking
Design Concept Boutique, historic or resort Unique identity, destination  
personality, and story Prototy pe with local design features Prototy pe Unique architectural or design based 
focal features
FF&E Requirements Upscale fit and finish Meets defined FF&E minimums Prototy pe Prototy pe Meets defined FF&E minimums
Core Competitors BW Signature Collection, BW Premier 
Collection, Trademark, voco Autograph, Curio, JdV, Tapestry, Tribute Hyatt Place, Hilton Garden Inn, 
Courtyard, Aloft, AC DoubleTree, Delta, Crowne Plaza Canopy, Centric, Le Meridien, Kimpton
Development Guardrails - US


HOSPITALITY | FRANCHISING | TECHNOLOGY
Upper Midscale Brands


TARGET INSIGHT
Our guests are budget-savvy but gravitate towards brands like Comfort that they already "know and 
trust”. Whether through family connection or individual exploration, they both embrace the joy of 
travel. Even when travelling for business, they feel that they “get to” rather than “have to” travel.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
At 95% awareness and a ubiquitous presence since the 1980s, one of Comfort’s strongest assets is its 
familiarity across culture. It’s a place we all recognize and therefore feel we belong. Comfort, Choice’s 
iconic flagship brand, can use this emotional hook to its advantage against competitors who lack that 
relationship with consumers.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
A familiar base to unlock the joy of travel.
BRAND IDEA
Where the joy happens.
RATIONAL VALUE
When guests feel familiar in their surroundings, they can dedicate more time and focus to whatever 
they’re travelling for, whether that’s nailing a new business pitch or creating lifelong memories with 
family.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
When we feel a sense of familiarity, we feel safe. When we feel safe, we unlock the ability to feel joy. 
Comfort offers guests that place of emotional safety and belonging, ushering them into an emotional 
space where they can let the joy in.
PRODUCT
Rise & Shine
Functional yet cheerful, Comfort hotels combine the features, 
design, and amenities guests want with the functionality and 
flexibility developers expect. Cheerful spaces include open, airy 
public spaces and upgraded fixtures and furniture.
EXPERIENCE
Memories in the Making
Little moments of magic throughout the guest journey help 
travelers embrace the joy of travel. We provide the backdrop while 
our guests find what makes them happy.
SERVICE
Joy Loves Company
Associates are dedicated to providing a friendly, familiar base while 
inviting guests to embrace the joy of travel, whatever their reason 
for traveling, and at whatever stage of life.
UPPER MIDSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | BRAND ARCHITECTURE
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
NOTES OF JOY
Thematic postcards across the customer journey 
convey a sense of personal connection, evoke a 
sense of nostalgia, and inspire a sense of 
adventure.
JOYFUL WELCOMES 
Comfort’s memorable arrival experience is  
comprised of a cheerful, personalized greeting, 
signature Comfort Way service, and water 
refresh stations.
COMFORT BREAKFAST 
Start the day right with Comfort’s beloved 
complimentary hot breakfast featuring make 
your own waffle stations and Seattle’s Best 
coffee. 
MARKETPLACE
Experience convenience redefined – Comfort’s 
marketplace offers thoughtfully curated snacks, 
refreshments, and travel essentials 24/7.

TARGET INSIGHT
While budget-conscious, these travelers look beyond the basics to find ‘home touches’ that make them 
feel at home while on the road. Their top leisure activity - entertaining friends and relatives at home – 
indicates a passion for generous hospitality: a value look to share with whichever hotel they choose.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Competitors in the Upper Midscale space underestimate how our guests perceive value. They may be 
budget-conscious, but that doesn’t mean gravitating to the lowest price or opting for purely 
transactional hospitality. There’s an opportunity to offer somewhere better, warmer, and welcoming.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
Generous hospitality with touches of home.
BRAND IDEA
Generosity you can feel.
RATIONAL VALUE
Guests appreciate the tangible ways Country goes the extra mile to make them feel welcome. We don’t 
add expensive thrills for the sake of it, but we do pour relentless devotion into the details that truly 
matter – and they feel the difference.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
Guests are safe in the knowledge that they won’t be seen as an anonymous consumer, but a cherished, 
valued guest. Just like being welcomed into someone’s home, we’ll take the time to get to know each of 
them and make sure they’re fully settled. 
PRODUCT RTB
Comfortable Continuity
From spacious, well-appointed rooms to warm shared spaces by 
the fire, Country sprinkles your stay with ‘touches of home’ that go 
a step beyond the basics of traditional midscale hospitality.
EXPERIENCE RTB
There’s One Place Like Home
Guest experience blends the continuity of home with the added 
generosity that makes a trip away from home feel special. 
Continuity of creature comforts that make our guests feel truly 
cared for.
SERVICE RTB
Where The Heart Is
Our associates take the time to get to know each guest, warmly 
embracing each individual’s needs and going the extra mile to 
make everyone feel looked after on a personal level.
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
UPPER MIDSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | BRAND ARCHITECTURE
COUNTRY HOSTS
Country’s “Yes I Can” service offers a warm 
welcome, providing a personal introduction and 
contact details upon arrival. 
HOME SWEET COOKIES
A cherished brand tradition since 1987, a 
chocolate chip cookie upon arrival conveys care, 
emotional connection, and a commitment to 
the guest experience.
COUNTRY BREAKFAST 
Wake up to a homestyle breakfast featuring a 
delicious variety of hot favorites, fresh options, 
and comforting classics – all served with 
genuine hospitality. 
COMFORTS OF HOME
Country Inn & Suites delivers the comforts of 
home through warm hospitality, inviting spaces, 
and thoughtful touches that make every guest 
feel relaxed and cared for.

Service Offering Select Service Select Service
Target Location Urban, Suburban, small towns, airports Suburban, rural, college, airports 
Target RevPAR $95 $95
Market RevPAR Min $65 $75
Minimum Quality Levels Upper Midscale Upper Midscale
Primary Project Type New Construction/Conversions New Construction
Target Key Count 50-100 Keys 70-110 Keys
Box Requirement Minimum 3 stories, interior corridors, elevator
(location-based exceptions) Minimum 3 stories, interior corridors, elevator
M&E Space Requirement Flex Space Flex Space
F&B Requirement Comp Breakfast, Lobby Coffee & Tea required Comp Breakfast, Lobby Coffee & Tea, Welcome 
Cookie required
Amenity Requirement Inn: Fitness Required
Suites: Fitness, Pool Fitness Center Required, Pool Market-Driven
Design Concept Rise & Shine: Joyful, bright, energetic design Home-like experience with natural finishes, 
inviting earth tones and rich textures.
FF&E Requirements Required Rise & Shine package Required Design and FF&E Package
Core Competitors Hampton, Holiday Inn Express, Fairfield, La QuintaHampton, Holiday Inn Express, Fairfield, La Quinta
Development Guardrails


HOSPITALITY | FRANCHISING | TECHNOLOGY
Midscale Brands


TARGET INSIGHT
Travelers seeking affordable, design-forward accommodations that offer a peaceful, 
dependable stay. They value smooth experiences, nature-inspired environments, 
and brands that align with their values.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Midscale guests expect more than just affordability. They want thoughtful 
design, consistency, and a sense of calm, even in budget-conscious stays.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
Deliver the lowest cost-to-build and operate midscale brand that doesn’t compromise on design or guest experience.
BRAND IDEA
Dream Better Here
RATIONAL VALUE
Affordable, consistent product and experience across all locations.
Efficient, well-designed spaces that meet practical needs.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
A calming, nature-inspired sanctuary.
A sense of ease, optimism, and well-being
Everything goes smoothly, allowing guests to truly relax
PRODUCT 
Scenic Dreams
Nature-inspired designs with blackout shades, and 
soft lighting. Complimentary wellness amenities,  
WiFi, hot breakfast, and pool or fitness center. 
EXPERIENCE
Better Night’s Rest
Designed to stimulate all five senses. Curated 
AllTrails® hiking lists and Dream Tips. 
Quiet zones and restful ambiance.
SERVICE 
Happy to Help
We are Happy to Help. This means, we deliver 
excellent service, clean spaces, a good night's rest, 
and a relaxing stay.
Nature-Inspired Designs
A calming, sensory-rich 
environment that supports 
rest and wellness.
Wellness Touchpoints
Sandalwood bath products, 
curated hiking lists, and 
smoke-free environment.
Dream Tips
Tips in the lobby and guest 
rooms to promote better 
rest and relaxation.
Dreamy Room Experience
Blackout shades, fluffy pillows, 
soft bedding, and access to 
the BetterSleep
 app.
Dream Cup Tea Station
An exclusive amenity 
offering 24-hour tea service 
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
MIDSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | SLEEP INN ARCHITECTURE FRAMEWORK
®
®®


TARGET INSIGHT
Guests traveling for both business and leisure who value full-service amenities and 
spaces to connect—whether for family reunions, conferences, weddings, or 
weekend getaways. They seek comfort, convenience, and opportunities to create 
meaningful shared experiences.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
In the upper midscale segment, travelers expect dependable full-service offerings, 
including food & beverage, meeting spaces, and a welcoming environment that 
supports both productivity and social connection.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
Clarion delivers focused full-service hospitality designed to support meaningful gatherings.
Offering all the essentials to make getting together easy and enjoyable.
BRAND IDEA
Get Together Here
RATIONAL VALUE
Full-service amenities including on-site dining, meeting spaces, and health 
facilities. Strong brand recognition with practical offerings tailored to corporate 
clients, planners, and groups.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
A sense of connection and belonging.
The pleasure of rewarding, shared experiences.
Confidence in hosting or attending meaningful gatherings.
PRODUCT
On-site restaurant and bar, meeting and event 
venues, guest rooms with workspaces, free Wi-Fi, 
24/7 business center, fitness center, and pool.
EXPERIENCE
Accommodating, social, and attentive tone.
Open lobbies and communal spaces for 
interaction, and seamless support for both 
professional and personal occasions.
SERVICE
Friendly, professional staff who deliver reliable 
service that supports productivity and 
togetherness. Focus on making travel and 
gatherings smooth and memorable.
On-Site Dining
Restaurant and bar offering 
convenient meals and social 
spaces.
Meeting & Event Spaces
Venues for business 
gatherings and celebrations.
Open Lobby & Bar
Inviting communal areas 
that encourage connection.
Business Support
Free Wi-Fi and 24/7 business 
center for productivity.
Fitness & Wellness
Fitness center and pool to 
support guest well-being 
while creating moments to 
connect
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
MIDSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | CLARION ARCHITECTURE FRAMEWORK
®


TARGET INSIGHT
Clarion Pointe targets “savvy seekers”—travelers who want experiential stays at 
an affordable price point. They’re typically young professionals unlocking more 
income but looking to save, and empty-nesters enjoying their new freedom. 
They value extras that matter most.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Clarion Pointe offers elevated, combining contemporary design, thoughtful F&B 
options, and tech-forward amenities. Clarion Pointe provides a flexible conversion 
approach with consistent standards and signature identifiers, making it attractive 
to owners and appealing to guests seeking affordable sophistication.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
Clarion Pointe provides affordable elevated essentials in just the right places for a sharper, more connected stay
BRAND IDEA
stay on pointe
RATIONAL VALUE
Guests get modern essentials without paying for extras they don’t need, such 
as stylish design, reliable connectivity, and fitness options at a midscale price 
point. Owners benefit from low conversion costs and flexible standards.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
Clarion Pointe delivers a sense of confidence and connection, letting guests 
feel sharp, stylish, and in control of their travel experience—not just staying 
somewhere, but staying on pointe. 
PRODUCT
Contemporary Design Touches
Modern, Instagram-worthy aesthetic that creates a 
strong first impression and reinforces the brand 
promise of a sharper, more connected stay
EXPERIENCE
Focal Pointes: 
Elevated Essentials for a Sharper Stay
Starting Pointe breakfast, marketplace for grab-and-
go, tech-enabled rooms, modern fitness, and 
contemporary design touches.
SERVICE
Consistent, friendly, and efficient
Focused on delivering what matters most without 
unnecessary complexity.
Contemporary 
Design Touches
Instagrammable spaces and 
communal seating
Marketplace
Premium beverages and 
grab-and-go snacks.
On-Demand Connectivity
In-room casting to 49” TVs
Starting Pointe Breakfast
Simple yet thoughtful 
breakfast for guests seeking 
convenience and quality
Modern Fitness 
Essentials 
Gym-quality experience
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
MIDSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | CLARION POINTE ARCHITECTURE FRAMEWORK
TM

TARGET INSIGHT
Proudly Practical Guest: Seeks substance not flash. 
Seeking a midscale guest experience at a great value
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Quality offers low owner cost with a strong brand awareness and convenient 
locations.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
Value means getting more for your money and creating memories that matter
BRAND IDEA
Get Your Money's Worth
.
RATIONAL VALUE
Quality  is the hotel that best understands value and respects your hard-earned 
money. Quality is aconsistent stay experience that focuses on the things that 
are most important to its guests (Value Qs).
EMOTIONAL VALUE
Quality® hotels understand value and give me peace of mind knowing I made 
the “right” hotel choice. Quality helps me connect with my people by letting 
me focus on what truly matters—People.
PRODUCT
Cozy bed, complimentary breakfast, friendly service, roomy 
shower and necessary essentials guests look for in a stay.. 
EXPERIENCE
Affordable, enjoyable and great for business travel, a 
weekend getaway or a vacation
SERVICE 
Genuine service from people who are professional, 
responsive and friendly
Q BREAKFAST
Free hot breakfast.
Q BED
Fresh linens, fluffy pillows 
and plush blankets.
Q SERVICE
Professional, responsive and 
friendly.
Q SHOWER
Bright, roomy showers with 
multi-setting showerheads.
Q ESSENTIALS
Free WiFi, in-room fridge, 
coffee and tea.
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
MIDSCALE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | QUALITY ARCHITECTURE FRAMEWORK


Service Offering Limited Service Full Service Limited Service Limited Service
Target Location Suburban, small towns/cities Suburban, small towns, airport locations Suburban and small towns Suburban, small towns, airport 
lo cation s
Minimum Quality Levels Midscale Midscale/Upper Midscale Midscale Midscale
Primary Project Type New Construction Conversions Conversions Conversions
Target Key Count 60-84 Keys 100 Keys 60 Keys 50 Keys
100% Smoke Free Yes Yes Yes Optional, 75% of Inventory Required
Box Requirement Minimum 3 stories, interior corridors Minimum 2 stories, interior or exterior corridors; porte 
cochere 2 lanes required (1 lane with approval) Minimum 2 stories, interior corridors
Minimum 2 stories, interior or 
exterior corridors; porte  cochere 2 
lanes required (1 lane with approval)
M&E Space Requirement Optional Meeting Space Required; Banquet Space Required Optional Optional
F&B Requirement Complimentary Morning Medley Hot Breakfast 
Required; Restaurant and Bar not permitted Full-service Restaurant and Bar required, breakfast optional
Starting Pointe Breakfast Program must be served 
complimentary daily ; Restaurant not permitted; 
Bar Optional 
Q Breakfast must be served 
complimentary daily; Restaurant not 
recommended
Marketplace Optional for existing, Required for New Construction Optional Required with beer & wine Optional
Amenity Requirement Onsite fitness center or pool Onsite fitness center required;  Business Center Required Onsite Fitness center required, pool optional; 
Business Center Required
Required onsite fitness center or 
pool; Business Center required
Design Concept Scenic Dreams Prototype- nature-in spir ed  d esign 
elements Turnkey midscale for groups and business guests Modern setting, experiential stay Flexible product with midscale 
features
FF&E Requirements Design package required No mandated design package Design package available but not required – 
newer/modern required Design package available
Wall Murals and Artwork Required lobby mural, Front Desk Welcome wall, and 
guestroom and lobby artwork.
Required lobby, elevator landings and headboard wall of all 
guestrooms murals
Wall murals with connections with local 
environment in lobby, fitness center, and 
guestrooms
Framed and matted artwork required
Core Competitors Tru, Best Western, AmericInn, Wingate, Baymont Best Western Plus, Holiday Inn, Ramada AmericInn, Best Western, Wingate Days Inn, Baymont, Rmaadea, 
LaQuinta, Best Western
Development Guardrails


HOSPITALITY | FRANCHISING | TECHNOLOGY
Value & Economy Brands


TARGET INSIGHT
Independent travelers (road trippers, truck drivers, and short-term guests) who 
prioritize rest, accessibility, and price; a place that’s reliable and unpretentious. 
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Rodeway Inn differentiates itself from the budget motels that feel neglected by 
being the trusted roadside rest stop where guests know they’ll get a clean, 
comfortable room, every time.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
Rodeway Inn® hotels give guests an affordable place to stay that they can rely on. The bare essentials. No frills, nothing fancy. 
BRAND IDEA
“Good night. Great savings.”
RATIONAL VALUE
Clean rooms, working amenities, and dependable 
comfort for a fair price; no frills, no surprises.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
Reassurance and relief knowing you’ve found 
a trustworthy place to rest and recharge on your journey.
PRODUCT
A bed, hot shower, and functional amenities 
for an easy night’s sleep.
EXPERIENCE
Dependable, no-fuss stays designed for guests 
who just want to rest and hit the road again with 
confidence.
SERVICE
Practical check-in service.
Hot Coffee
Freshly Brewed 
Regular Hot Coffee
WiFi
Fast and Free 
Internet In All Rooms
Parking
Ample Parking Space 
for Large Vehicles
Easy Access
Just Off The Highway 
& Key Routes
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
ECONOMY BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | RODEWAY INN


TARGET INSIGHT
Road travelers and budget-conscious guests 
seeking simplicity and reliability.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Competes on price and convenience 
in the economy roadside segment.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
Econo Lodge® hotels make it easy for guests to feel confident and capable when they travel.
BRAND IDEA
“Easy Stop On The Road”
RATIONAL VALUE
Straightforward essentials like clean rooms, comfortable beds, 
free Wi-Fi, and breakfast — all at an honest price.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
Peace of mind and confidence that you’ve made a smart, 
no-nonsense choice that respects your wallet and your time.
PRODUCT
Clean, consistent rooms with practical 
comforts and easy-to-use amenities.
EXPERIENCE
Econo Lodge hotels provides the amenities you 
need while sticking to your budget. 
SERVICE
Approachable staff who focus on 
making things easy for every guest.
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
ECONOMY  BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | ECONO LODGE
Parking
Ample Parking Space 
for Large Vehicles
EasyStart® Hot Coffee
Free Hot Coffee 
Every Morning
In-Room Fridge
Keep food and 
beverages cool
Charging
Convenient 
Charging Options
WiFi
Fast and Free 
All Stay Long

TARGET INSIGHT
Younger, value-conscious travelers seeking 
affordable comfort with a modern feel.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Positioned in the premium value conversion space 
to stand out from traditional economy or midscale brands.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
Delivering “brighter basics” with a contemporary design and elevated essentials at a competitive price.
BRAND IDEA
“Have a Happy Stay”  or “Brighten up the stay”
RATIONAL VALUE
Affordable rates with modern design and amenities.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
A stay that lifts guests’ moods and energizes their outlook, 
leaving them feeling refreshed, capable, and confident.
PRODUCT
A palette inspired by the vibrancy of a park. 
A design balanced by the simplicity of nature 
and energy of a park.
EXPERIENCE
Welcoming public spaces 
and consistent service.
SERVICE
Friendly, efficient staff 
delivering a stress-free stay.
Bright
Welcome with Friendly Service
Clean
White Bedding & 100% Smoke-Free
Connected
with WifFi & Charging Devices
Convenient
Hot Coffee & Light Continental 
Breakfast
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
PREMIUM VALUE BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | PARK INN BY RADISSON


Brand Guardrails
Service Offering Premium Value Economy Economy
Target Location Secondary & Tertiary Markets Roadside, Secondary & Tertiary Markets Roadside, Secondary & Tertiary Markets
Target RevPAR $40–$55 $35–$50 $30–$45
Market RevPAR Min N/A N/A N/A
Minimum Quality Levels N/A N/A N/A
Primary Project Type Conversion Conversion Conversion
Target Key Count 60 
(50-80)
50
(25-60)
30
(15-40)
Management Requirements N/A N/A N/A
Box Requirement Minimum 2 stories, interior corridors
(location-based exceptions)
Minimum 2 stories
(location-based exceptions) N/A
M&E Space Requirement N/A N/A N/A
F&B Requirement Continental Breakfast
(Hot Coffee, Fruit, Packaged Pastry) Hot Coffee (Reg & Decaf) N/A
Amenity Requirement
Design Concept N/A N/A N/A
FF&E Requirements
Select Brand Specs Required
(Design package ​balances simplicity of nature 
with vibrant energy of a park)
N/A
Select Brand Specs Available & Optional N/A
Core Competitors Baymont, Days Inn, Americas Best Value Inn, 
Microtel, Ramada
Motel 6, Super 8, Red Roof Inn, Travelodge, 
Knights Inn, Local Motels
Motel 6, Super 8, Red Roof Inn, Travelodge, 
Knights Inn, Local Motels

Development Criteria
100% Smoke Free 100% Smoke Free Optional 50% of inventory required Optional 50% of inventory required
Corridor Type Interior or Exterior Interior or Exterior Interior or Exterior
Load Double Single Single
# Rooms minimum 50 40 30
# Floors minimum 2 2 1
# Suites for Inn & Suites They may have suites, but it will not change the
name from Park Inn by Radisson 10% 10%
Porte Cochere 1-lane Porte Cochere recommended
Portico at main entrance at minimum Canopy at main entrance Awning at main entrance
Vestibule Optional Optional Optional
Entry Doors Manual entry door(s) ok Single (manual ok) Single (manual ok)
Lobby
500 sq ft (MIN)
PARK BEN CH AND LAMP AND ARTWORK
(REQUIRED)
300 sq ft Appropriate to # of rooms
Front Des k Approved Accent Wall color (BRIGHT WELCOME)
with approved graphics(REQUIRED) Logo on front desk wal l Logo on front desk wal l
Elevators Required with 3+ floors Required with 3+ floors Required with 3+ floors
Breakfast requirement Grab and Go bags OR Display options 
(WRAPPED SWEET, FRESH FRUIT)REQUIRED
Coffee (fresh brewed) must be served complimentary daily starting no 
later than 7am  for  3-hours
Coffee (fresh brewed) must be served co mpliment ar y daily starting no 
later than 7am  for  3-hours
Breakfast area Preferred with at least 6’ of co unt er space Lobby coffee station Optional
Breakfast seating 6-10 seats Optional Optional
Vending Requires ice/drink/snack at min every other floor Requires ice/drink/snack at min every other floor Requires ice/drink/snack at min every other floor
Public Restrooms Prefe rred Optional Optional
Room size minimum King – min 288sf QQ – min 312sf King – min 250sf  QQ – min 288sf King – min 231sf  QQ – min 242sf
# Suites for Inn & Suites King - 336sf QQ - 384sf 10% minimum King - 324sf
QQ - 372sf
10% minimum King – 288sf
QQ - 330sf
Casegoods/FF&E
Design package available & encouraged 
Requiredifwearecallingcu rrentcasegoodareunacceptable.
Credenza (lowboys) not allowed Brass or
wooden knobs not allowed
Design package available
Credenza (lowboys) not allowed Brass or wooden knobs
not allowed
N/A
Soft Seating
Seating for 2 required when space allows
Sled ch airs not allowed
Lo ungeandDeskch airpartofDesignPackage
Seating for 2 required Sled ch airs not allowed Seating for 2 required
Fridge/Microwave Min 2.0 cu bic feet refrigerator(REQUIRED)
Microwave optional
Min 2.0 cu bic feet refrigerator
Both required in suites Optional both required in suites
Lighting Polished brass not allowed Polished brass not allowed
TV 40” flat panel minimum(REQUIRED) 32” flat panel minimum 24” mi ni mum
Recharge Station Bedside recharge station(REQUIRED)
Top of Bed Required in 100% of rooms(WHITEMicro-check ) Required in 100% of rooms
Refreshingly Easy Bedding Program Required in 100% of rooms
Wall Murals and Artwork SIGNATURE ART REQUIRED (ONLY)
To be installed on outside bath wall
SIGNATURE ART REQUIRED
Not to be in stalled on headboard wal l Framed or canvas wrapped art required
Closets Rack which allows clothes to hang freely AND NOT
IN VIEW.PartofDesignPackage Rack which allows clothes to hang freely Rack which allows clothes to hang freely
Window Treatments Solid NO PATTERN blackout drapery (REQUIRED) Solid NO PATTERN blackout drapery Blackout drapery
Walls and Ceilings Headboard wall accent(REQUIRED)
Borders not allowed
Headboard wall accent (REQUIRED)
Borders not allowed Borders not allowed
Flooring Min 50% LVT (REQUIRED) Min 50% LVT Carpet or approved LVT
Bath vanity Laminate permitted When vanity is outside – tile flooring is required 
to go from the bath compartment to the vanity
Laminate permitted When vanity is outside – tile flooring is
required to go from the bath compartment to the vanity
Laminate permitted REC - When vanity is outside – tile flooring is
required to go from the bath compartment to the vanity
Tub/Shower Fiberglass permitted if in good condition. All ty pes permitted, must be in good condition All ty pes permitted, must be in good condition
Tub surrounds Fiberglass permitted if in good condition. All ty pes permitted, must be in good condition All ty pes permitted, must be in good condition
Bathroom flooring Ceramic tile required Ceramic tile required Ceramic tile required
Kitchens Will allow 10% Optional Optional
HVA C Central air or PTAC required Central air or PTAC required Central air or PTAC required.
Wi ll allow base board he at
Optional for all Value & Economy Brands: Restaurant/Lounge/Bar, Meeting Space, Banquets Space, Pool, Fitness Center, Business Center/Kiosk, Guest Laundry, Marketplace /Retail, Managers Apartment

HOSPITALITY | FRANCHISING | TECHNOLOGY
Extended Stay Brands


TARGET INSIGHT
Whether traveling for business or personal reasons, our guests seek the 
familiar comforts and practical conveniences of home that help them settle in, 
stay productive, and maintain their daily routines.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
As the category leader, we recognize that our guests’ stays are an extension of 
their lives, not just a stop or an escape. While it may not be their home, we 
deliver a residential-style hotel experience that meets their needs and adds 
unexpected moments of delight.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
For grey-collar work travelers and personal stay guests, Everhome Suites is more than a place to stay - it’s an experience designed to keep life moving. With 
residential-style amenities and thoughtfully designed rooms, we help guests settle in quickly, maintain their routines, and feel empowered with the 
comforts and conveniences of home.
BRAND IDEA
Closer to Home.®
RATIONAL VALUE
A blend of apartment-style suites with hotel perks so guests can settle back 
into their routines comfortably
EMOTIONAL VALUE
We provide peace of mind and a true sense of settling in, helping guests feel 
comfortable and confident in being productive and maintaining their routines
PRODUCT
Thoughtfully-designed suites with full kitchens and 
dedicated areas for living, working, and relaxing, plus 24/7 
laundry and communal spaces for connection and comfort
EXPERIENCE
Creating an environment where guests feel at home at 
every touchpoint, from in-room and on-property amenities 
to warm, attentive interactions with our team
SERVICE
With best-in-class training and experienced hospitality 
partners, we ensure consistent, high-quality service for 
long-term stays
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
EXTENDED STAYS BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | EVERHOME ARCHITECTURE FRAMEWORK
HOMEBASE MARKET
On-property 24/7 grab-and-go 
marketplace with quick snacks 
or ingredients for a full meal in 
room.
HOMEBASE 
ESSENTIALS
Complimentary item lending 
program from kitchen 
gadgets to clothing steamers.
OUTDOOR AMENITIES
Exterior communal spaces 
designed to reflect residential-
style amenities, featuring grills, 
fire pits, comfortable seating, 
and an optional pool
WELCOME WALL 
MURAL
A mural by a local artist greets 
guests at the entrance, 
showcasing the community’s 
culture.
KITCHEN IN 
EVERY SUITE
Each guest room features a 
kitchen, including dishes, full-
sized refrigerator, dishwasher, 
stovetop, and microwave.
GUEST LAUNDRY
On-property laundry facilities 
available 24/7, giving guests 
the convenience to do laundry 
whenever they need during an 
extended stay.

TARGET INSIGHT
Whether you're traveling for a long-term work assignment or a short-term 
stay like youth sports travel, you can count onaccommodations that help 
you stay in control of your lifestyle and keep up with your personal routines - 
no matter where the life takes you.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
It’s the little things that make a big difference - like having your own kitchen, space 
to unwind, and the freedom to keep up with your daily routine. Our extended-stay 
hotel gives you all the comforts of home with the added perks of hotel living
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
MainStay Suites® is more than a place to sleep - it’s a space designed to help guests stay in control of their lifestyle and maintain their routines. With 
apartment-style living and residential-style amenities, guests can settle in quickly, stick to their routines, and enjoy the comforts and conveniences of home 
while benefiting from the flexibility of hotel living.
BRAND IDEA
Live Like Home.®
RATIONAL VALUE
Enjoy apartment-like suites with all the comforts of home, plus the perks of 
hotel living, so you can keep up your routine, even when you’re away
EMOTIONAL VALUE
We help guests feel truly settled, offering peace of mind and a welcoming 
space where they can stay productive, stay in their rhythm, and feel confident 
every step of the way.
PRODUCT
Spacious apartment-like suites, including a fully-
equipped kitchen, with hotel-like amenities 
EXPERIENCE
We create an inviting atmosphere that makes it 
easy to feel at home, with cozy apartment-style 
rooms and friendly service that helps you settle in 
and stay on track.
SERVICE
Through focused training, our team is empowered to 
deliver personalized service, anticipating guest 
needs and schedules for a truly comfortable long-
term experience.
APARTMENT-LIKE SPACE
Each guest room features a kitchen, 
including dishes, full-sized 
refrigerator, dishwasher, two burner 
cooktop, and microwave.
MAINSTAY MARKETPLACE
On-property 24/7marketplace with 
quick snacks or ingredients for a 
quick meal in room.​
THINGS I USE AT HOME
Complimentary kitchen item lending 
program, featuring upgraded 
appliances that provide the versatility 
and convenience guests are 
accustomed to at home.
FITNESS CENTER
Complimentary 24/7 access to an 
onsite work out area to stay in your 
rhythm while away from home.
GUEST LAUNDRY
On-property laundry facilities 
available 24/7, giving guests the 
convenience to do laundry whenever 
they need during an extended stay.
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
EXTENDED STAYS BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | MAINSTAY ARCHITECTURE FRAMEWORK


TARGET INSIGHT
Guests want a clean, comfortable, and affordable place to stay without paying for 
unnecessary extras. They value straightforward, no-hassle experiences, practical amenities 
and being treated with genuine respect. Life can be stressful and expensive, so guests 
appreciate a hotel that keeps things simple, reasonable, and focused on what truly matters 
to them.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Many extended stay hotels overcomplicate the guest experience and charge 
for extras guests don’t need. Guests are looking for a straightforward, 
affordable stay with practical essentials, flexible options, and no unnecessary 
frills.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
For blue-collar work travelers and personal stay guests, WoodSpring Suites is the straightforward, affordable extended stay hotel that delivers just what 
guests need - clean, comfortable rooms, practical amenities, and genuine hospitality – without unnecessary extras or frills.
BRAND IDEA
It’s Simple. Done Better.®
RATIONAL VALUE
Guests pay for the essentials that matter most, like a clean room, free Wi-Fi, 
and an in-room kitchen.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
When life is stressful, we provide a simple, hassle-free experience where guests 
are treated with respect and appreciation.
PRODUCT
We provide guests just what they need, including 
in-room kitchens, 24/7 guest laundry, and clean 
rooms.
EXPERIENCE
 We make every aspect of the stay straightforward 
and hassle-free, from booking to check-out.
SERVICE
We treat every guest with respect and 
appreciation, delivering service that’s down-to-
earth and reliable.
KITCHEN IN EVERY SUITE
Each guest room features a kitchen, 
including a full-sized refrigerator, two 
burner cooktop, sink, and microwave.
allowing guests to prepare meals and 
snacks.
GUEST LAUNDRY
On-property laundry facilities available 
24/7, giving guests the convenience to do 
laundry whenever they need during an 
extended stay.
FLEXIBLE RATES
We offer flexible rate plans designed to fit 
our guests’ lifestyles, with options for 
nightly, weekly, or monthly stays.
FREE WIFI
Enjoy free high-speed Wi-Fi to keep you 
connected.
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
EXTENDED STAYS BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | WOODSPRING ARCHITECTURE FRAMEWORK


TARGET INSIGHT
Guests staying longer need an affordable, welcoming place with the essentials 
of home without the hassle so they can keep their routines and feel supported 
until they’re ready to move on.
CATEGORY INSIGHT
Many extended-stay hotels make things more complicated than they need to 
be. Guests are looking for a simple, affordable stay with practical essentials and 
options that work for real life with no unnecessary extras.
STRATEGIC PROPOSITION
For hardworking travelers - from skilled trades to everyday guests - Suburban Studios makes longer stays easy and affordable. With clean, comfortable 
rooms, practical amenities, and genuine hospitality, guests get just what they need to make longer stays easy.
BRAND IDEA
Longer Stays Made Easy
RATIONAL VALUE
Guests pay only for what matters - like a clean room, on site guest laundry, and 
a kitchen to make life easier during longer stays.
EMOTIONAL VALUE
When life gets hectic, it’s comforting to have a quiet, welcoming place to land. 
You’ll find neighborly service, essential comforts, and a peaceful atmosphere that 
helps you feel grounded until things settle down again 
PRODUCT
We give guests just what they need, like in-room 
kitchens, round-the-clock laundry access, and 
clean, comfortable spaces to settle in.
EXPERIENCE
When your stay is longer, everything should be 
easier. We provide an experience that is 
comfortable, convenient, and neighborly.
SERVICE
We deliver service rooted in genuine care and 
appreciation, ensuring every experience is smooth, 
welcoming, and hassle-free. With insight into your 
schedule and preferences, we ready to make details 
effortless to you can relax and recharge without worry.
IN ROOM KITCHEN
Each guest room features a 
kitchen, with a full-sized 
refrigerator, two burner cooktop, 
sink, and microwave allowing 
guests to prepare meals & snacks.
GUEST LAUNDRY
On-property laundry facilities 
available 24/7, giving guests the 
convenience to do laundry 
whenever they need during an 
extended stay.
KITCHEN PACK PROGRAM
Simply Dining Kits and Simply 
Cooking kits for guests to 
purchase at the front desk that 
include kitchen essentials.
FREE BASIC WIFI
Stay connected with 
complimentary high-speed Wi-Fi 
throughout the property, making it 
easy to work, stream, and keep in 
touch with loved ones.
FLEXIBLE RATES
We offer flexible rate plans 
designed to fit our guests’ lifestyles, 
with options for nightly, weekly, or 
monthly stays.
Confidential - Not for Public Consumption or Distribution
EXTENDED STAYS BRAND DIFFERENTIATION | SUBURBAN ARCHITECTURE FRAMEWORK


34


35


36


Appendix

Personas

Page 39
advanced analytics team
Our Brand Targets over index on certain Personas, allowing us to 
segment the portfolio for marketing and create brand differentiation 
Eli/Eleanor 
Empty Nester 
(Planned)
Eli/Eleanor 
Empty Nester 
(Unplanned)
Val the
Vacationer 
(Planned)
Val
Unplanned
Paul/Priya the 
Parents
Chris the
Contractor
Ursula the 
Upscale Business 
Traveler
Ricky the Road 
Warrior
Upper-Upscale Hotels (Not 
Final)
Upscale Hotels (Not Final)
Upper Midscale Hotels
Midscale Hotels
Economy Hotels
Existing Brand Targets: Over-Indexed Personas
Some brands also have focuses outside the 7 personas above, which are not displayed in these views (less frequent business travelers, 
unplanned younger leisure travel).
Cambria and Radisson brand focuses are a WIP and not yet final.


Industry 3rd Party Reviews
Updated October 2025

Page 41
advanced analytics team
3rd Party Review 
Score
2025 vs 2024
Affordable Suites of 
America 3.95 0.02
InTown Suites 3.77 0.20
Studio 6 3.64 0.18
WoodSpring 3.19 -0.03
Suburban 3.39 0.25
HomeTowne Studios 3.08 0.45
CH.com reviews filtered out. US hotels only. Sept YTD 2025 vs 2024. Data reflects current brand.
Country and Woodspring were the only brands to decline in YoY 3rd 
party review scores across all tracked brands. 
Upscale Midscale/Upper-Mid Economy Midscale ES
Economy ES
3rd Party Review 
Score
2025 vs 2024
AC Hotels 4.37 0.02
Cambria 4.33 0.03
SpringHill Suites 4.30 0.02
aloft Hotels 4.25 0.04
Hotel Indigo 4.24 0.05
Hyatt Place 4.23 0.05
Ascend 4.21 0.08
Courtyard 4.20 0.04
Delta 4.18 0.05
Hilton Garden Inn 4.17 0.07
Sheraton 4.13 0.02
Four Points 4.10 0.17
Crowne Plaza 4.07 0.10
DoubleTree by Hilton 4.03 0.08
Radisson 3.87 0.02
3rd Party Review 
Score
2025 vs 2024
Tru 4.32 0.01
Holiday Inn Express 4.26 0.05
Hampton by Hilton 4.25 0.04
Fairfield Inn 4.25 0.04
Best Western Plus 4.18 0.02
Holiday Inn 4.09 0.07
AmericInn 4.09 0.08
Comfort Suites 4.03 0.02
Best Western 4.03 0.01
Wingate 3.98 0.02
Sleep Inn 3.98 0.05
Comfort Inn 3.94 0.04
Country 3.94 -0.02
La Quinta 3.86 0.09
Baymont 3.67 0.18
Quality Inn 3.65 0.09
Ramada 3.65 0.17
Red Lion 3.62 0.16
Clarion 3.60 0.10
3rd Party Review 
Score
2025 vs 2024
Microtel 3.91 0.12
SureStay 3.82 0.07
Howard Johnson 3.62 0.20
Super 8 3.61 0.14
Days Inn 3.59 0.16
Americas Best Value Inn 3.59 0.11
Travelodge 3.53 0.16
Motel 6 3.53 0.09
Econo Lodge 3.48 0.15
Red Roof Inn 3.46 0.14
Knights 3.41 0.07
Rodeway Inn 3.41 0.10
3rd Party Review 
Score
2025 vs 2024
My Place 4.44 0.11
Home2 Suites 4.34 0.06
Towneplace Suites 4.28 0.05
Candlewood 4.13 0.09
Sonesta Simply Suites 3.91 0.16
MainStay 3.88 0.13
Hawthorn Suites 3.86 0.11
Extended Stay America 3.46 0.25
Radisson was 0.16 below the next 
lowest upscale brand (DoubleTree). 
Their score would put them below 
Country on the UMS/MS list.
