 
Park Inn – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
C
hoice Hotels International, Inc.  
a Delaware corporation  
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600 
North Bethesda, Maryland 20852
(301) 592
-5000
e-mail: development@choicehotels.com
https://choicehotelsdevelopment.com
T
he franchise offered is for the right to operate a hotel that provides lodging services to the public under the 
names “Park Inn” or “Park Inn by Radisson” (collectively referred to in this document as “Park” or “Hotel”) 
T
he total investment necessary to convert an existing hotel and begin the operation of a Park Inn Hotel, with 
no more than 70 rooms ranges from $267,445 to $1,416,145 but excludes the cost of real estate.  This includes 
$55,445 to $86,395 that must be paid to the franchisor or its affiliates. These sums do not include the cost of 
any real estate or real estate taxes.   
T
his Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of your Franchise Agreement and other 
information in plain English.  Read this Disclosure Document and all accompanying agreements carefully. 
You must receive this Disclosure Document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement 
with, or make any payment to, us or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.  Note, 
however, that no government agency has verified the information contained in this document. 
Y
ou may wish to receive your Disclosure Document in another format that is more convenient for you.  To 
discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact Franchise Development at 915 Meeting 
Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, or by telephone, at (301) 592-5000.   
T
he terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship.  Do not rely on the Disclosure Document 
alone to understand your contract.  Read all of your contracts carefully.  Show your contract and this 
Disclosure Document to an advisor, like a lawyer or accountant. 
B
uying a franchise is a complex investment.  The information in this Disclosure Document can help you 
make up your mind.  More information on franchising, such as “ A Consumer’s Guide to Buying a 
Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this Disclosure Document, is available from the 
Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”).  You can contact the FTC at 1 -877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the 
FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20580.  You can also visit the FTC’s home page 
at www.ftc.gov for additional information on franchising. 
T
here may also be laws on franchising in your state.  Ask your state agencies about them. 
I
ssuance Date: April 1, 2025 


ii 
 
Park Inn – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
How to Use This Franchise Disclosure Document 
Here are some questions you may be asking about buying a franchise and tips on how to 
find more information: 
QUESTION WHERE TO FIND INFORMATION 
How much can I earn? Item 19 may give you information about outlet sales, 
costs, profits or losses. You should also try to obtain 
this information from others, like current and former 
franchisees. You can find their names and contact 
information in Item 20 or Exhibits L and M. 
How much will I need to invest? Items 5 and 6 list fees you will be paying to the 
franchisor or at the franchisor’s direction. Item 7 lists 
the initial investment to open. Item 8 describes the 
suppliers you must use. 
Does the franchisor have the 
financial ability to provide 
support to my business? 
Item 21 or Exhibit C includes financial statements. 
Review these statements carefully. 
Is the franchise system stable, 
growing, or shrinking? 
Item 20 summarizes the recent history of the number of 
company-owned and franchised outlets. 
Will my business be the only 
Park Inn or Park Inn by 
Radisson business in my area? 
Item 12 and the “territory” provisions in the franchise 
agreement describe whether the franchisor and other 
franchisees can compete with you. 
Does the franchisor have a 
troubled legal history? 
Items 3 and 4 tell you whether the franchisor or its 
management have been involved in material litigation 
or bankruptcy proceedings. 
What’s it like to be a Park Inn 
franchisee? 
Item 20 or Exhibits L and M list current and former 
franchisees. You can contact them to ask about their 
experiences. 
What else should I know? These questions are only a few things you should look 
for. Review all 23 Items and all Exhibits in this 
disclosure document to better understand this franchise 
opportunity. See the table of contents. 
  

iii 
 
Park Inn – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
What You Need To Know About Franchising Generally 
Continuing responsibility to pay fees. You may have to pay royalties and other fees 
even if you are losing money. 
Business model can change. The franchise agreement may allow the franchisor to change 
its manuals and business model without your consent. These changes may require you to 
make additional investments in your franchise business or may harm your franchise 
business. 
Supplier restrictions. You may have to buy or lease items from the franchisor or a limited 
group of suppliers the franchisor designates. These items may be more expensive than 
similar items you could buy on your own. 
Operating restrictions. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a 
similar business during the term of the franchise. There are usually other restrictions. 
Some examples may include controlling your location, your access to customers, what 
you sell, how you market, and your hours of operation. 
Competition from franchisor. Even if the franchise agreement grants you a territory, the 
franchisor may have the right to compete with you in your territory. 
Renewal. Your franchise agreement may not permit you to renew. Even if it does, you 
may have to sign a new agreement with different terms and conditions in order to continue 
to operate your franchise business. 
When your franchise ends. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a  
similar business after your franchise ends even if you still have obligations to your 
landlord or other creditors. 
 
Some States Require Registration 
Your state may have a franchise law, or other law, that requires franchisors to 
register before offering or selling franchises in the state. Registration does not mean that 
the state recommends the franchise or has verified the information in this document. To 
find out if your state has a registration requirement, or to contact your state, use the 
agency information in Exhibit B. 
Your state also may have laws that require special disclosures or amendments be 
made to your franchise agreement. If so, you should check the State Specific Addenda. 
See the Table of Contents for the location of the State Specific Addenda. 
  

iv 
 
Park Inn – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
Special Risk(s) to Consider About This Franchise 
Certain states require that the following risk(s) be highlighted: 
Out-of-State Dispute Resolution . The Franchise Agreement requires you to 
resolve disputes with the franchisor by mediation, arbitration and/or litigation 
only in Maryland. Out-of-state mediation, arbitration, or litigation may force 
you to accept a less favorable settlement for disputes. It may also cost more to 
mediate, arbitrate, or litigate with the franchisor in Maryland than in your own 
state. 
Certain states may require other risks to be highlighted. Check the “State Specific 
Addenda” (if any) to see whether your state requires other risks to be highlighted. 
 

i 
 
Park Inn – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
NOTICE REQUIRED 
BY 
STATE OF MICHIGAN 
  
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE 
SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS.  IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS 
ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT BE 
ENFORCED AGAINST YOU. 
 
Each of the following provisions is void and unenforceable if contained in any documents relating to a 
franchise: 
 
 a) A prohibition of the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees. 
 
 b) A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or estoppel 
which deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act.  This shall not preclude a 
franchisee, after entering into a franchise agreement, from settling any and all claims.   
 
 c) A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration of its 
term except for good cause.  Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply with any 
lawful provisions of the franchise agreement and to cure such failure after being given written notice thereof 
and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure such failure.  
 
 d) A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly 
compensating the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market values at the time of 
expiration of the franchisee’s inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtur es, and furnishings.  Personalized 
materials which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and 
furnishings not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not subject to compensation.  
This subsection applies only if:  (i) the term of the franchise is less than 5 years and (ii) the franchisee is 
prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from continuing to conduct substantially the same business 
under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype, advertising, or other commercial symbol in 
the same area subsequent to the expiration of the franchise or the franchisee does not receive at least 6 
months advance notice of franchisor’s intent not to renew the franchise.  
 
 e) A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally 
available to other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances.  This section does not 
require a renewal provision. 
 
 f) A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state.  This shall 
not preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to conduct arbitration 
at a location outside this state. 
 
 g) A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a 
franchise, except for good cause.  This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising a right of 
refusal to purchase the franchise.  Good cause shall include, but is not limited to: 
 
  (i) The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor’s then current reasonable 
qualifications or standards.   
 
  (ii) The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or subfranchisor.   
 
  (iii) The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all 

ii 
 
Park Inn – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
lawful obligations. 
 
  (iv) The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the 
franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the 
proposed transfer. 
 
 h) A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not uniquely 
identified with the franchisor.  This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a franchisor a 
right of first refusal to purchase the assets  of a franchise on the same terms and conditions as a bona fide 
third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision that 
grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or appraised value of such 
assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed to cure 
the breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c). 
 
 i) A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or otherwise 
transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has been made 
for providing the required contractual services. 
 
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION, OR 
ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
 
Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to: 
 
State of Michigan 
Office of the Attorney General 
CONSUMER PROTECTION DIVISION 
Attention:  Antitrust and Franchise Unit 
525 W. Ottawa Street 
G. Mennen Williams Building, 1st Floor 
Lansing, Michigan 48913 
Telephone Number:  (517) 373-7117 
 
THE MICHIGAN NOTICE APPLIES ONLY TO FRANCHISEES WHO ARE RESIDENTS OF 
MICHIGAN OR LOCATE THEIR FRANCHISES IN MICHIGAN. 
 

iii 
 
Park Inn – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ITEM PAGE 
ITEM 1 THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES .......... 1 
ITEM 2 BUSINESS EXPERIENCE .................................................................................................. 7 
ITEM 3 LITIGATION ..................................................................................................................... 12 
ITEM 4 BANKRUPTCY ................................................................................................................. 22 
ITEM 5 INITIAL FEES ................................................................................................................... 22 
ITEM 6 OTHER FEES .................................................................................................................... 24 
ITEM 8 RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ................................ 43 
ITEM 10 FINANCING ...................................................................................................................... 48 
ITEM 11 FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND 
TRAINING ........................................................................................................................ 53 
ITEM 12 TERRITORY ..................................................................................................................... 64 
ITEM 13 TRADEMARKS ................................................................................................................ 65 
ITEM 14 PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION ................................ 67 
ITEM 15 OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE 
FRANCHISE BUSINESS................................................................................................... 68 
ITEM 16 RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL ........................................ 68 
ITEM 17 RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION ................... 68 
ITEM 18 PUBLIC FIGURES ............................................................................................................ 72 
ITEM 19 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS ..................................................... 73 
ITEM 20 OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION ................................................................ 75 
ITEM 21 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ............................................................................................ 77 
ITEM 22 CONTRACTS .................................................................................................................... 78 
ITEM 23 RECEIPTS ......................................................................................................................... 78 
 

iv 
 
Park Inn – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
EXHIBITS 
 
 
EXHIBIT A - STATE-SPECIFIC ADDENDA PAGES 
EXHIBIT B - REGULATORY AUTHORITIES; REGISTERED AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS 
EXHIBIT C - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
EXHIBIT D - FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, PERSONAL GUARANTY AND STATE ADDENDA 
EXHIBIT E - choiceADVANTAGE® SOFTWARE TERMS OF USE 
EXHIBIT F - RESCONNECT TERMS OF USE 
EXHIBIT G - PROMISSORY NOTE 
EXHIBIT H - INCENTIVE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 Exhibit H.A. – Capital Support Incentive Promissory Note 
              Exhibit H.B. –Incentive Promissory Note 
EXHIBIT I – LENDER DOCUMENTS 
EXHIBIT J - RULES AND REGULATIONS TABLE OF CONTENTS 
EXHIBIT K - FAIR FRANCHISING POLICY 
EXHIBIT L - LIST OF FRANCHISEES 
EXHIBIT M - LIST OF FORMER FRANCHISEES 
EXHIBIT N - COMFORT LETTER 
EXHIBIT O - FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACKNOWLEDGMENT FORM 
EXHIBIT P - STATE EFFECTIVE DATES AND RECEIPT 
 

1 
 
Park Inn – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2024 
 
 
ITEM 1 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
 
 
To simplify the language in this disclosure document, “we,” “us,” “our,” “Choice” or “Choice 
Hotels” means Choice Hotels International, Inc., the franchisor.  “We,” “us,” “our,” “Choice” or “Choice 
Hotels” does not include the employees, officers, directors or shareholders of Choice.   “You” means the 
person who buys the franchise.   “You” may be an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability 
company or other legal entity, or may include the principal owners of such entity or entities if an owner of 
you is required to sign a personal guarantee and be personally bound by your obligations under the franchise 
agreement.  
 
This disclosure document is for the right to own and/or operate a  under the name PARK INN BY 
RADISSON or PARK INN, (“PARK”).  
 
We do business under the following primary Choice Hotels trademarks among others:  ASCEND 
HOTEL COLLECTION®, CAMBRIA®, CLARION HOTEL®, CLARION INN®, CLARION INN & 
SUITES®, CLARION SUITES®, CLARION RESORT®, CLARION COLLECTION®, CLARION 
POINTE®, COMFORT INN®, COMFORT INN & SUITES®, COMFORT SUITES®, COMFORT 
HOTEL®, COMFORT HOTEL & SUITES®, COMFORT RESORT®, COUNTRY INN & SUITES® BY 
RADISSON, ECONO LODGE®, ECONO LODGE INN & SUITES®, EVERHOME SUITES®, 
MAINSTAY SUITES®, PARK INN® BY RADISSON, PARK PLAZA®, QUALITY INN®, QUALITY 
INN & SUITES®, QUALITY SUITES®, QUALITY HOTEL®, RADISSON®, RADISSON BLU®, 
RADISSON INDIVIDUALS®, RADISSON RED®, RODEWAY INN®, RODEWAY INN & SUITES®, 
SLEEP INN®, SLEEP INN & SUITES®, SUBURBAN STUDIOS® AND WOODSPRING SUITES®.   
The Franchisor and Our Business.  
We are a Delaware corporation formed under the name Quality Court s Motels, Inc.  We changed 
our corporate name to Choice Hotels International, Inc. on July 25, 1990.  From November 1, 1996 to 
October 15, 1997, our corporate name was Choice Hotels Franchising, Inc.  Our corporate name has been 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. since October 15, 1997.  Our principal business address (as well as the 
principal place of business of the Radisson companies listed in this Item 1) is 915 Meeting Street, Suite 
600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852. Our agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit B of this 
Disclosure Document. 
Our business began in 1939 when seven independent motel owners in Florida met to discuss how 
they could better satisfy the needs of their customers.  Over the next few years, the group continued to meet 
and share best practices.  In 1941, the group formali zed its relationship by creating a membership 
association called Quality Courts United, thereby creating the nation’s first hotel chain.  The vision of the 
members of Quality Courts United was to develop quality and other standards for their customers, as well 
as to refer guests to each other’s motels.  
In January 1963, the organization officially became a for -profit corporation operating under the 
name Quality Courts Motels, Inc.  Shortly thereafter, a training school, a central reservations system and 
hotel directory were added to the organization.  Since that time, the company has changed its name to 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. and has expanded and further developed the  Choice franchise system of 
hotels through the development of additional hotel brands and expansion into new markets. 
Our indirect subsidiaries have conducted international franchise operations through a combination 
of direct franchising and master franchising or master development relationships since approximately 1958. 

2 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
Our indirect subsidiary, Choice Hotels Licensing B.V. (“Choice BV”), a private limited liability company 
formed in the Netherlands on June 8, 2000, has been a franchisor or a master franchisor of our various 
Choice hotel brands internationally. Since July 2024, we have been the franchisor of our brands in the 
Caribbean and Latin America region.  Our international operations are primarily conducted in the following 
countries and territories, as organized by region: (1) Asia-Pacific - Australia, China, India, Japan, and New 
Zealand, and these have been mainly our ASCEND HOTEL COLLECTION,  CLARION, COMFORT, 
ECONO LODGE, and QUALITY INN brands; (2) Europe & Middle East –  Austria, Czech Republic, 
Denmark, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Lithuania, 
Norway, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Turkey, and the United Kingdom, and these have been mainly 
our ASCEND HOTEL COLLECTION, CLARION, COMFORT, ECONO LODGE, and QUALITY INN 
brands; and (3) Latin America & Canada –  Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Bolivia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, 
Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Grenada, Guatemala, 
Honduras, Mexico, Panama, Peru, Puerto Rico, Sint Maarten, Trinidad and Tobago, and Uruguay, and these 
have been our ASCEND HOTEL COLLECTION, CLARION, COMFORT, COUNTRY INN & SUITES, 
ECONO LODGE, MAINSTAY SUITES, PARK INN, RADISSON, RADISSON BLU, RADISSON 
INDIVIDUALS, RADISSON RED, RODEWAY, QUALITY INN, and SLEEP INN brands.  Choice BV’s 
wholly owned subsidiary,  Choice Hotels France, S.A.S. (a French company incorporated in France on 
November 23, 2006), conducts franchise operations in France.  Choice BV’s wholly owned subsidiary, 
Choice Hotels Asia -Pac Pty. Ltd. (an Australia company incorporated on March 30, 1998), conducts 
franchise operations in Australia and New Zealand.  In Canada, since June 2023, Radisson Hotels Canada, 
Inc., which is a British Columbia corporation incorporated on May 9, 2011 (“Radisson Canada”) and which 
Choice acquired as a part of the R adisson purchase (as further described below), has conducted franchise 
operations for our CAMBRIA, EVERHOME, MAINSTAY,  SUBURBAN STUDIOS  and 
WOODSPRING brands.  Previously, Choice BV conducted franchise operations in Canada for these 
brands. We have a master franchise agreement with Choice Hotels Canada, Inc. (“CHC”), a corporation 
incorporated on May 21, 2008 under the laws of the Province of Ontario. C HC has the exclusive right to 
franchise hotels in Canada under the ASCEND HOTEL COLLECTION, COMFORT, CLARION, ECONO 
LODGE, QUALITY, RODEWAY INN, and SLEEP INN brands. CHC is equally owned by Choice Hotels 
International Licensing ULC, a company formed in Ma y 2008 under the laws of the Province of Alberta, 
Canada, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Choice BV, and by InnVest Management Holdings Limited. 
Further, Radisson Canada currently offers franchises in Canada for hotels under the RADISSON BLU, 
RADISSON®, RADISSON INDIVIDUALS, COUNTRY INN & SUITES
® BY RADISSON, and PARK 
INN BY RADISSON  brands, and previously offered franchises under the RADISSON RED and 
RADISSON INN & SUITES brands. Radisson Canada began offering franchises in Canada in 2011. Unless 
otherwise noted, all of these subsidiaries share our principal business address, and have not operated any 
hotels or offered franchises in any other line of business. As of December 31, 2024, there were 
approximately 1,258 Choice franchised hotels operating in these various countries.   
In 2013, we established a subsidiary, SkyTouch Solutions, LLC, that develops and markets cloud-
based technology products, including inventory management, pricing and connectivity to third party 
channels, to hoteliers who do not have franchise agreements with us. 
 
Choice Privileges Loyalty Services, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company formed on June 
12, 2017, formerly owned, operated, and administered the Choice Privileges® guest rewards program. We 
assumed the ownership and operation rights of the program on December 31, 2024. 
 
On August 11, 2022, Choice completed its purchase of Radisson Hospitality, LLC pursuant to a 
Share Sale and Purchase Agreement dated June 12, 2022 (“Purchase Agreement”).  Under the Purchase 
Agreement, Choice purchased 100% of Radisson Holdings, Inc.’s equity interest in Radisson Hospitality, 
LLC (a Minnesota limited liability company originally incorporated as Radisson Hospitality, Inc. on March 

3 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
3, 1998, and converted to a limited liability company on December 26, 2023) and its subsidiaries 
(collectively, “Radisson”).  Radisson is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Choice. 
Radisson was a hospitality franchisor of the following portfolio of brands that were the subject of 
the Purchase Agreement:  Radisson Collection®; Radisson Blu®; Radisson®; Radisson RED®; Radisson 
Individuals®; Radisson Inn & Suites®; Park Plaza®; Park Inn® by Radisson; and Country Inn & Suites® 
by Radisson (the “Radisson Brands”). Radisson owned the rights to these brands in the United States, 
Canada, Latin America, and the Caribbean (the “Americas”). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Choice 
did not purchase any interest in Radisson Hotel Group, which owns the rights to Radisson Hotels in Europe, 
the Middle East, Africa, and Asia Pacific. As a part of the purchase, we also acquired Radisson Hotels 
Management Company, LLC (originally incorporated as Radisson Hotels Management Corporation in 1979 
under the laws of New Jersey), which manages several Radisson Brand hotels owned by us or other 
unrelated parties.  (See Item 1 below.) 
Park Hospitality LLC (“Park Hospitality”) is a Delaware limited liability company organized on 
June 12, 2000, and was formerly a wholly- owned indirect subsidiary of Radisson Hospitality, LLC.  Park 
Hospitality conducted business  under its corporate name and under the names “Park Inn by Radisson,” 
“Park Inn,” “Park Inn by Radisson Residences” and “Park Plaza.”  Park Hospitality operated Park Inn and 
Park Inn by Radisson Hotels and offered franchises from August 2000 until March 2023, and began offering 
the extended stay “Park Inn by Radisson Residences” (“Park Inn Residences Hotel”) option from 2020 to 
2023.   Park Hospitality has in the past offered and in 2020 resumed offering franchises under the “Park 
Plaza” name under a separate Disclosure Document until August 2023.  Choice began offering franchises 
under the PARK Marks as of April 2023.        
 Except as set forth in this Item 1, we do not have any other parents, predecessors or affiliates that 
must be disclosed. 
 
PARK Hotels. 
We offer and grant Franchise Agreements for upper-economy hotels under the names “PARK INN 
BY RADISSON” and “ PARK INN” (collectively “Hotels”). You  must sign the form of Franchise 
Agreement and Personal Guaranty of Franchise Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit 
D.  If you are converting an existing hotel  or purchasing an existing PARK Hotel, your Franchise 
Agreement will include a Property Improvement Plan as an exhibit to your Franchise Agreement.   
 
The Franchise Agreement authorizes you to use the PARK INN BY RADISSON or PARK INN 
trade name and service marks to operate and to identify the class of hotel facility, and permits you to use 
the distinctive identity, trade dress, methods and system for conducting the hotel business at the franchised 
hotel.  
Your receipt of this Disclosure Document does not mean that you will be approved as a franchisee 
or that you may develop or open any of our franchised hotels.  Before you may develop and open any of 
our franchised hotels, we must approve you as a franchisee, we must approve the location of your proposed 
hotel, you must attend and successfully complete our training programs, we and you must sign the Franchise 
Agreement (Exhibit D), and you must pay the affiliation fee.  You should not acquire any interest in a site 
for a hotel franchise until, at the earliest, you are approved by us as a franchisee. 
 General Market and Competition. 
The market for hotel services is generally well developed but will largely depend on your hotel’s 
location, size and type of operation (for example, resort location, hotel for frequent business travelers, etc.).  

4 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
Franchisees typically seek customers and business referrals from the local community and solicit business 
from tour and travel groups on a regional and national level.  Depending on the location of the hotel, sales 
may increase or decrease significantly on a seasonal basis. 
Your competitors will include other chain- affiliated hotels (including our hotel brands) and 
independent hotels and motels in the area where your hotel is located.  You may also face competition from 
vacation rental properties, such as VRBO and Airbnb. 
Other Choice Hotels Brands. 
We franchise other hotel brands under the Choice Marks as defined in Item 13.  We have franchised 
full service, mid -priced hotels under the trademark QUALITY INN since 1968 and under the trademark 
CLARION since 1987.  QUALITY INN provides an accommodating environment, friendly service and a 
continental breakfast. All -suites hotels within the QUALITY brand are known as QUALITY SUITES 
hotels.  CLARION branded hotels offer guests a quality of service, amenities and inviting atmosphere 
associated with finer hotels, but at an affordable price.  These hotels offer free high -speed internet access, 
and most locations offer a full-service restaurant, room service, swimming pool and fitness center. In 2018, 
we began franchising limited- service hotels under the trademark CLARION POINTE, which offer 
affordable accommodations with comfortable, contemporary rooms, free high-speed internet access, and a 
free better-for-you breakfast.  
We have franchised limited -service, upper mid-scale and mid-scale hotels under the trademark 
COMFORT since 1981 and under the trademark SLEEP INN since 1987.  We also have franchised limited-
service economy and budget hotels under the trademark ECONO LODGE since 1990 and under the 
trademark RODEWAY INN  since 1990, respectively. COMFORT branded hotels provide a warm 
atmosphere and personal, helpful service, including breakfast, in-room coffee and free high-speed internet 
access.  All-suites hotels under the COMFORT brand are offered under the COMFORT SUITES 
trademark.  SLEEP INN branded hotels provide exceptional service and value in a familiar atmosphere 
with carefully maintained facilities.   SLEEP IN N branded hotels that contain at least 10% suites may 
operate under the SLEEP INN & SUITES trademark.   ECONO LODGE  branded hotels provide a 
comfortable stay at a great value for business and leisure travelers.   RODEWAY INN branded hotels are 
budget segment hotels for value-oriented travelers that offer a welcoming and efficient environment at an 
economy price.  
We have franchised extended stay, limited -service hotels under the trademark MAINSTAY 
SUITES since 1996 and under the trademark SUBURBAN since 2005 or SUBURBAN STUDIOS ® since 
2022.  MAINSTAY SUITES offers residential style amenities and affordable rates.  Each MAINSTAY 
SUITES hotel room offers ample space for an extended stay, with areas for dressing, relaxing, sleeping and 
eating, and includes a well-equipped kitchen.  SUBURBAN or SUBURBAN STUDIOS offers competitive 
rates for stays of one week or more.  Rooms at a SUBURBAN property are spacious and feature a well -
equipped kitchen and free high-speed internet access.   
We acquired the WOODSPRING SUITES brand from WoodSpring Hotels Franchise Services 
LLC, a Kansas limited liability company (“WHFS”) in 2018. From 2004 to April 2015, WHFS offered 
extended-stay franchises under the name “ VALUE PLACE,” and in 2015 WHFS changed the brand to 
“WOODSPRING SUITES.” We began offering franchises under the trademark WOODSPRING SUITES 
in February 2018.  WOODSPRING SUITES hotels are extended stay, limited services hotels that offer 
customers the value of a furnished room with kitchen facilities, together with terms and conditions, services 
and amenities associated with extended-stay hotels, including easy check-in, one-week stays, and periodic 
housekeeping. 

5 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
We began offering EVERHOME SUITES franchises in November 2019. EVERHOME SUITES 
offers in the mid-scale space studio and larger one-bedroom options, all of which include a fully equipped, 
modern kitchen complete with a full -sized refrigerator, dishwasher, s tovetop, microwave, and ample 
counter space. Dishes, utensils, glassware, and cookware will be provided in room for free to enable guests 
to cook their own meals. Small appliances, such as blenders, crockpots, and electric indoor grills, will be 
available to rent at the front desk. 
We have franchised hotels under the trademark CAMBRIA since 2004.  CAMBRIA is an upscale, 
select-service hotel brand designed for guests who want to take their lifestyle with them when traveling.  
CAMBRIA branded hotels feature a stylish design that creates a unique sense of place, within our design 
framework—optimized for operational excellence, financial performance and guest appeal.   
We also offer hotels under the trademark ASCEND, which is a special group of resort, historic and 
boutique hotels that have a strong local identity and share a common commitment to outstanding guest 
service.  ASCEND member hotels range from historic to the med to contemporary and offer amenities, 
including operation of an onsite, upscale dining restaurant or are located within one city block of an upscale 
dining restaurant.  From April 1, 2005 through April 30, 2008, we offered franchises for a similar concept 
under the trademark CLARION COLLECTION.  As of December 31, 2024, there were three CLARION 
COLLECTION franchises open in the United States. ASCEND member hotels typically will be conversions 
of existing hotels that retain their existing name followed by the words, “ASCEND HOTEL 
COLLECTION” or “ASCEND RESORT COLLECTION” for local marketing and signage purposes. 
We began offering RADISSON franchises through our subsidiary in August 2022 and directly since 
April 2023.  From 1983 to 2023, Radisson Hotels International, Inc. (“Radisson International”), a Delaware 
corporation incorporated on August 15, 1983, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Radisson Hospitality, Inc., 
franchised hotels under the RADISSON brand.  RADISSON is a full service hotel brand that offers 
functional guestrooms, upscale on-site services such as modern fitness facilities, restaurants and bars, and 
free Wi-Fi. RADISSON franchises are offered for three different classes, each aimed at a slightly different 
segment of travelers:  resort class; suite class; and hotel class.  Some of the differences between these classes 
are the location and size of the RADISSON hotel and the size and type of the guest rooms in the hotel.   
We began offering RADISSON BLU franchises through our subsidiary in August 2022 and directly 
since April 2023.  From 2015 to 2023, Radisson International franchised hotels under the RADISSON BLU 
brand.  RADISSON BLU hotels offer upper upscale accommodations with minimalist design, prioritizing 
comfort and distinctiveness in the guestrooms, unique dining concepts, multipurpose workspaces with 
complimentary Wi-Fi, smart TVs, and wellness facilities. RADISSON BLU transcends the ordinary and 
offers a stay that combines style with substance, innovation with comfort and a sense of belonging in an 
elevated environment.  
 
We began offering RADISSON INDIVIDUALS in April 2024.  From June 2020 to August 2022, 
Radisson International franchised hotels under the RADISSON INDIVIDUALS brand. RADISSON 
INDIVIDUALS brings together independent and boutique hotels that spark our guests’ innate curiosity for 
the untold stories our hotels, and their destinations have to offer. RADISSON INDIVIDUALS offers upper 
upscale on-site services such as restaurants and bars, wellness facilities and free Wi-Fi, ensuring guests feel 
inspired and welcomed as they embark on their journey.  
 
 We began offering franchises for COUNTRY INN & SUITES through our subsidiary in August 
2022 and directly since April 2023.  Previously, Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Inc. (“CIS Radisson”), 
a Minnesota corporation incorporated on July 22, 1986, conducted business under the corporate name 
Country Inns & Suites By Carlson, Inc., and granted franchises under the trade names “Country Inns & 
Suites By Carlson,” “Country Inn By Carlson” and “Country Suites By Carlson” from 1987 until September 

6 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
29, 2017.  On September 29, 2017, the corporate name was changed to Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, 
Inc. and it began conducting business and granting franchises under the trade names “Country Inns & Suites 
by Radisson” from that date and until March 2023. COUNTRY offers generous hospitality with touches of 
home seamlessly woven into its products, services, and experiences - catering to the preferences of business 
and leisure travelers. 
 
Our predecessor Park Hospitality previously offered or sold franchises for the Park Plaza brand. As 
of the date of this disclosure document, we are not actively offering or selling franchises for this brand , 
although this may change in the future. 
 
As of December 31, 2024, the following Choice Brands were open and operating in the United 
States:  182 ASCEND hotels; 67 CAMBRIA hotels; 110 CLARION hotels; 3 CLARION COLLECTION 
hotels; 71 CLARION POINTE hotels;  1,663 COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES, and 
COMFORT SUITES hotels; 419 COUNTRY hotels; 643 ECONO LODGE hotels; 3 EVERHOME 
SUITES hotels; 139 MAINSTAY SUITES hotels;  27 PARK INN hotels; 0 PARK PLAZA hotels; 1,621 
QUALITY hotels; 52 RADISSON hotels; 2 RADISSON BLU hotels; 1 RADISSON INDIVIDUALS hotel; 
0 RADISSON INN & SUITES hotels; 0 RADISSON RED hotels; 447 RODEWAY INN hotels; 410 
SLEEP INN and SLEEP INN & SUITES hotels; 109 SUBURBAN hotels; and 256 WOODSPRING 
SUITES hotels.  The above includes the following hotels that Choice operates, but does not own:  6 
RADISSON hotels located in Phoenix, Arizona; Sunnyvale, California; Nashville, Tennessee; Salt Lake 
City, Utah; Seattle, Washington; and La Crosse, Wisconsin; 1 RADISSON BLU hotel located in Chicago, 
Illinois; and 2 COUNTRY INN & SUITES BY RADISS ON hotels located in San Diego, California; and 
Bothell, Washington. Not included in this list are thirteen CAMBRIA hotels and four EVERHOME 
SUITES hotels owned by Choice, which are operated by third party management companies.   Choice 
intends to franchise  all company-owned CAMBRIA hotels in the near future.   Also not included are the 
following hotels that Choice owns and operates: a RADISSON BLU hotel located in Bloomington, 
Minnesota; a CAMBRIA hotel located in Bloomington, Minnesota; a dual brand COUNTRY INN & 
SUITES BY RADISSON and PARK PLAZA hotel located in Bloomington, Minnesota; and a RADISSON 
RED hotel located in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
Industry Specific Laws and Regulations. 
Your franchised hotel will be subject to significant federal, state and local laws and regulations 
applicable to businesses generally and those specific to the hotel industry, including regulations regarding 
zoning and building, occupational health and safety, labor, licensing and bonding, food, insurance, 
advertising, liquor licenses, sales, income and other taxes, the Americans with Disabilities Act, privacy and 
data collection, and posting of hotel room rates and registration and identification of guests.  There may be 
other laws and regulations applicable to the hotel industry or businesses generally, with which you must 
comply.  You should consult with your attorney concerning these laws and regulations. 
Except as described in this Item 1, we have not offered franchises in any other line of business, and 
we do not engage in any franchise business not related to those described in this Item 1.  
 
 
 
 

7 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
ITEM 2  
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE   
 
OFFICERS 
Director, President and Chief Executive Officer:  Patrick S. Pacious 
Mr. Pacious has been a Director, President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2017. He 
is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Chief Human Resources Officer: Patrick J. Cimerola 
Mr. Cimerola has been Chief Human Resources Officer since 2015.  He is based in our North 
Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.  
Chief Development Officer:  David A. Pepper 
Mr. Pepper has been Senior Vice President, Chief Development Officer since May 2015.  He is 
based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.   
Executive Vice President, Operations and Chief Global Brand Officer:  Dominic E. Dragisich 
Mr. Dragisich has been Executive Vice President Operations and Chief Global Brand Officer since 
August 2023.  Previously, he was Chief Financial Officer from March 2017 to August 2023.  He is based 
in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.   
 
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and External Affairs:  Simone Wu 
 Ms. Wu has been Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and External Affairs 
since 2015.  She is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.   
Chief Financial Officer: Scott E. Oaksmith 
Mr. Oaksmith has been Chief Financial Officer since September 2023.  Previously, he was Senior 
Vice President, Real Estate and Finance from March 2020 to September 2023.  He is based in our North 
Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.   
Chief Segment and International Operations Officer:  Raul Ramirez Sanchez 
 Mr. Ramirez Sanchez has been Chief Segment and International Operations Officer since August 
2023.  Previously, he was Chief Strategy and International Operations Officer from October 2021 to August 
2023.  He was Senior Vice President, Head of International, Corporate Strategic and Financial Planning for 
Choice from June 2020 to October 2021. He is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.   
Chief Marketing Officer:  Noha Abdalla 
 Ms. Abdalla has been Chief Marketing Officer since August 2022.  Previously, she was Chief 
Marketing Officer of MyEye Dr., a company based in Vienna, Virginia, from November 2020 to August 
2022. She was Global Vice President, Digital and Content Marketing of Hilton Hotels & Resorts, a 
company based in McLean, Virginia, from July 2020 to November 2020, and Global Vice President, Social 

8 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
Media of Hilton from July 2018 to July 2020.  
Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President, Technology: Anna Scozzafava 
 Ms. Scozzafava has been Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President, Technology since 
August 2023.  Previously, she was Vice President and GM of Extended Stay from June 2019 to August 
2023.  She is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Secretary:  Jeff Lobb 
 Mr. Lobb has been Deputy General Counsel since February 2017 and has been Assistant Secretary 
since September 2015.  He is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
OTHER EXECUTIVES WITH MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY RELATING TO THE SALE 
OR OPERATION OF OUR FRANCHISES 
Chief Information Officer: Brian Kirkland 
Mr. Kirkland has been Chief Information Officer since July 2021.  Previously, he was Chief 
Technology Officer from January 2018 to July 2021.  He is based in our Scottsdale, Arizona corporate 
office. 
Senior Vice President & General Manager, Upscale Brands Division:  Indy Adenaw 
 Mr. Adenaw has been Senior Vice President & General Manager, Upscale Brands Division, of 
Choice since June 2023.  Previously, he was Managing Director of Kayak Hotels from March 2022 to April 
2023. From June 2010 to June 2020, he was with Marriott Internat ional, a company based in Bethesda, 
Maryland, in various roles in the company with the last position serving as Vice President and Global Brand 
Leader, Sheraton Hotels and Resorts, which is owned by Marriott International.  He is based in our North 
Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Senior Vice President and General Manager, Core Brands:  Judd Wadholm 
 Mr. Wadholm has been Senior Vice President and General Manager Core Brands since April 
2024.  Previously, he was Vice President Choice Managed Hotels from February 2020 to March 2024.  He 
is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Vice President, Upscale Brands and Chief Sustainability Officer: Megan Brumagim 
Ms. Brumagim has been Vice President, Upscale Brands and Chief Sustainability Officer since 
October 2024.  Previously, she was Vice President, Sustainability from March 2022 to October 2024.  She 
was Vice President, Brand Management, Design and Compliance from June 2019 to March 2022.  She is 
based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.    
Senior Vice President, Upscale Development:  Mark Shalala 
Mr. Shalala has been Senior Vice President, Upscale Development since January 2020.  He is based 
in his home office in North Bethesda, Maryland.  
Senior Vice President, Foundation Development: Tom Nee 
 Mr. Nee has been Senior Vice President, Foundation Development since January 2017.  He is based 

9 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
in his home office in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.   
Senior Vice President, Extended Stay Development: Ron Burgett 
 Mr. Burgett has been Senior Vice President, Extended Stay Development since January 2020.  He 
is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.  
Senior Vice President, Signature Development:  Jason Cowan 
Mr. Cowan has been Senior Vice President, Signature Development since January 2020. He is 
based in his home office located in Kennesaw, Georgia. 
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development: Nick DePaolo 
 Mr. DePaolo has been Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since January 2017He is based 
in his home office located in Chicago, Illinois. 
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development: Anthony Goldstein 
 Mr. Goldstein has been Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since January 2020.  He is 
based in his home office located in San Diego, California.   
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development:  Hemant Patel 
 Mr. Patel has been a Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since January 2023.  
Previously, he was a Vice President, Franchise Development for Choice from February 2021 to December 
2022.  He was a Regional Vice President, Franchise Development for Choice from January 2020 to 
February 2021.  He is based in his home office located in Tallahassee, Florida. 
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development:  Scott Andrews 
 Mr. Andrews has been Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since July 2019.  He is based 
in our Scottsdale, Arizona corporate office.   
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development:  Jamey Cua 
Mr. Cua has been Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since November 2022.  Previously, 
he was Vice President, Business Development for Peachtree Hospitality Management, a company based in 
Atlanta, Georgia, from November 2020 to December 2022.  He was Senior Vice President, Managed 
Development for Sage Hospitality, based in Denver, Colorado, from January 2018 to November 2020.  He 
is based in his home office located in Colombus, Ohio.  
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development:  Chris Stanley 
Mr. Stanley has been Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since July 2023.  Previously, 
he was Regional Vice President, Franchise Sales Development from November 2021 to July 2023.  He was 
Vice President, Regional Development for Radisson Hotel Group, located in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, 
from January 2018 to July 2020.  He is based in his home office located in Phoenix, Arizona. 
Vice President, Franchise Development Strategic Programs:  John Lancaster 
 Mr. Lancaster has been Vice President, Franchise Development Strategic Programs  since July 

10 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
2020.  Previously, he was Regional Vice President, Franchise Development from January 2020 to June 
2020.  He is based in his home office located in Phoenix, Arizona. 
Vice President, Foundation Brands Development:  Christopher Martinez 
 Mr. Martinez has been a Vice President, Foundations Brands Development since January 2023.  
Previously, he was a Regional Vice President Development for Choice from January 2020 to January 
2023.  Chris is based in his home office in Tampa, Florida.    
Vice President, Development:  Robert Scribner 
           Mr. Scribner has been Vice President of Development since January 2025. Previously, he was a 
Regional Vice President Coach from September 2024 to January 2025. He was a Regional Vice President, 
Franchise Development from January 2020 to January 2025. He is based in his home office located in Miami, 
Florida. 
Vice President, Development:  Ryan Wold 
 
 Mr. Wold has been Vice President, Development since January 2025.  Previously, he was Regional 
Vice President of Development from February 2018 to December 2024. He is based in his home office 
located in Spokane, Washington.   
 
Vice President, Franchisee Onboarding and Learning: Timothy Tobin 
Mr. Tobin has been Vice President, Franchisee Onboarding and Learning since February 2018.  He 
is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Vice President, Extended Stay Brand Management:  Matt McElhare 
 Mr. McElhare has been Vice President, Extended Stay Brand Management since January 2024.  
Previously, he was Senior Director, Extended Stay Brands from September 2021 to January 2024.  He was 
Director, Extended Stay Strategy & Operations from November 2018  to September 2021.  He is based in 
our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Vice President, Franchise Performance: Curtis Osekowsky 
 Mr. Osekowsky has been Vice President, Franchise Performance since July 2022.  Previously, he 
was a Vice President, Franchise Services for Choice from September 2018 to June 2022.  He is based in 
our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.  
Vice President, Portfolio Management:  Patrick Kruse 
 Mr. Kruse has been Vice President, Portfolio Management since August 2023.  Previously, he was 
Senior Director, Owner & Portfolio Strategy Operations from May 2017 to August 2023. He is based in 
our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Regional Vice President, Franchise Performance:  Byron Bean 
 Mr. Bean has been Regional Vice President, Franchise Performance since February 2005.   He is 
based in his home office located in Sacramento, California. 
Regional Vice President, Franchise Services:  Jill Burke 

11 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
Ms. Burke has been Regional Vice President, Franchise Services since January 2019. She is based 
in her home office located in Columbus, Ohio. 
Regional Vice President, Core Franchise Performance: Michelle Masters 
 Ms. Masters has been Regional Vice President, Core Franchise Performance since April 2019. She 
is based in her home office located in Mayer, Minnesota.   
Senior Director, Retention Sales & Strategy:  Serol Gurun 
 Mr. Gurun has been Senior Director, Retention Sales & Strategy since September 2024.  
Previously, he was a Director of Owner Relations & Portfolio Strategy from September 2018 through 
September 2024.  He is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Portfolio Management, Sales Director:  Phil Carandang 
Mr. Carandang has been Portfolio Management, Sales Director since March 2015.  He is based in 
his home office located in Columbia, South Carolina.     
Senior Director, Onboarding Services: Colleen Kruse 
 Ms. Kruse has been Senior Director, Onboarding Services since January 2020.  She is based in our 
North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.  
DIRECTORS 
Chairman of the Board: Stewart W. Bainum, Jr. 
Mr. Bainum has been a Director and Chairman of the Board of Choice Hotels since October 1997.  
He has also been Chairman of the Board of Realty Investment Company, Inc., in Silver Spring, Maryland 
since December 2005.  Mr. Bainum has been Chairman of the Board of Sunburst Hospitality Corporation, 
in Silver Spring, Maryland since November 1996.  
Director:  Brian B. Bainum 
 Mr. Bainum has been a Director since April 2019.  He has been a Management Consultant and 
Director of SunBridge Capital Management, LLC, in Chevy Chase, Maryland since January 2017.       
Director: Ervin R. Shames  
Mr. Shames has been a Director since April 2002.  He has been an independent management advisor 
to consumer goods and services companies based out of Wilton, Connecticut since January 1995. 
Director: William L. Jews  
Mr. Jews has been a Director since March 2006 and was also a Director from 2000 to 2005.  Mr. 
Jews has also been Chairman of the Ryland Group, in Calabasas, California since February 2010.  He has 
been a Director of Fortress International Group, in Columbia, Maryland since August 2007 and a Director 
of KCI Technologies, Inc., in Sparks, Maryland since December 2009.   
Director: John P. Tague 

12 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
Mr. Tague has been a Director since February 2012.  He has been Chief Executive Officer of 
Greatwide Logistics Services, Inc., in Dallas, Texas since July 2011. 
Director: Monte J. M. Koch 
 Mr. Koch has been a Director since March 2014.  He has been Vice Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Auction.com, in Irvine, California since July 2012.  He has been a Director of the National 
Business Aviation Association located in Washington, DC since November 2005. 
Director: Liza K. Landsman 
 Ms. Landsman has been a Director since October 2014.  She has been Chief Customer Officer at 
Jet.com, Inc. in Montclair, New Jersey since March 2015.   
Director: Maureen Sullivan 
 Ms. Sullivan has been a Director since November 2018. She has been Chief Operating Officer of 
Rent the Runway, Inc. in New York, New York since September 2015. 
Director:  Donna F. Vieira 
 Ms. Vieira has been a Director since July 2021.  She has been an Executive Vice President and 
Chief Commercial Officer at Sallie Mae in Newark, Delaware since September 2020.  
Director:  Gordan A. Smith 
 Mr. Smith has been a Director since May 2022 and was a Director of Choice from 2004 to 2017.  
He is the former Co-President and Chief Operating Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. based in New York, 
New York, from June 2007 until retiring in January 2022.  He was previously  CEO of Consumer & 
Community Banking at JP Morgan Chase from 2012 to 2021.   
 
ITEM 3 
LITIGATION 
 
I. PENDING LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION DEMANDS 
 
(1) Norma Knuth v. Radisson Hotels International, Inc., et al.  
Court of Queen’s Bench for Saskatchewan, Court File No. QBG No. 2560 of 2014 
 
On December 5, 2014, Norma Knuth filed a complaint under the Class Actions Act against over 
25 named defendants, including Country, alleging that the defendants wrongfully collected undisclosed 
destination marketing fees (“DMF”) charged to the plaintiff and other class members by hotels located in 
Canada that were owned, operated or managed by the defendants.  On December 29, 2015, the plaintiff 
amended and expanded its complaint alleging, among other things, that the class included those who paid 
the fee to a hotel in Canada branded by one of the defendants and that the defendants that did not directly 
charge or collect the fee approved of it and encouraged the imposition of the DMF. The plaintiff has alleged 
that the collection of the DMF violated The Consumer Protection Act, was negligent, unjustly enriched the 
defendants and constituted a Waiver of Tort.  The plaintiff has demanded, on behalf of the class, 
disgorgement of any fees and revenue received by the defendants generated by imposition of the fee, and 
an order that the defendants are jointly and severally liable for restitution of $403,000,000, general and 

13 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
punitive damages, costs of notice, interest and any other relief the court deems appropriate.  The class has 
yet to be certified.  We filed a motion for summary judgment on October  3, 2016.  On June 2, 2017, 
Radisson and Country filed a Statement of Claim against 2 current and 3 former franchisees/licensees, that 
had not entered into tolling agreements, seeking contribution and indemnification.  On August 29, 2019, 
the court denied Radisson’s motion for summary judgment, holding that it was premature.  Radisson intends 
to reassert its summary judgment motion arguments at the appropriate time. 
 
(2) Jai Sai Baba, LLC, et al. v. Choice Hotels International, Inc., et al.  
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Case No. 2:20-cv-
02823  
 
On June 12, 2020 (amended on July 15, 2020), approximately ninety current and former franchise 
owners that own and operate one or more Choice branded hotels (“Plaintiffs”) filed suit against Choice and 
Choice Hotels Owner Council (“CHOC”) (Choice and CHOC collectively referred to as “Defendants”). In 
the complaint, the Plaintiffs allege that the Defendants engaged in discriminatory and anti -competitive 
practices and violated the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, the Sherman Act, the Civil 
Rights Act, and various state franchise laws. Additionally, the Defendants have claimed that Choice is in 
breach of contract, has breached the implied duty of good faith and fair dealing and committed common 
law fraud. The Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified actual damages, punitive damages, consequential and/or 
compensatory damages, attorneys’ fees, costs and interest, a declaratory judgment that certain allegedly 
unconscionable provisions are unenforceable, an accounting of all fees paid by Plaintiffs, an order for 
restitution and the rescission of Maryland franchise agreements, a declaratory judgment that some or all 
franchise agreements are terminated, and certain permanent injunctive relief. On July 29, 2020, Choice filed 
a motion to stay the litigation and compel individual arbitration proceedings.  On March 19, 2021, the Court 
granted motion.  This case remains stayed, and the parties provide the Court with monthly status updates. 
 
(3) T&T Management, Inc. v. Choice Hotels International, Inc., Country Inn & Suites by 
Radisson, Inc. and Sunshine Fund Port Orange, LLC 
  United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, Case No. 6:23-cv-01187 
 
 On June 26, 2023, Plaintiff T&T Management, Inc. (“Licensee”) commenced a federal district 
court action in Florida against, among others, Radisson Hotels International, Inc. (“RHI”) and Choice 
alleging that RHI and Choice (1) breached the applicable License Agreement and the implied covenant of 
good faith and fair dealing by (a) permitting another Choice branded hotel to be constructed near Licensee’s 
Country Inn & Suites® hotel and (b) disclosing or using guest data associated with Licensee’s hotel; and 
(2) misappropriated the guest data associated with Licensee’s hotel in violation of the Defend Trade Secrets 
Act of 2016. The complaint was subsequently amended to remove RHI and add Country Inn & Suites by 
Radisson, Inc. (“Country”) as a defendant. In response to the amended complaint, on November 6, 2023, 
Country and Choice filed a Motion to Dismiss the Licensee’s claims and, alternatively, a Motion to Transfer 
Venue of the case to the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota in accordance with the 
License Agreement’s forum selection clause. The Florida Court granted the Motion to Transfer and 
subsequently transferred the case to the Federal Court in Minnesota in April 2024. After Plaintiff amended 
its complaint, Country and Choice filed another Motion to Dismiss the Licensee’s claims. The Minnesota 
Court heard the Motion on November 1, 2024, and the parties are waiting for the Court’s decision. 
 
(4) CS Anaheim Hotel Investments, LLC v. Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
 United States District Court for the Central District of California, Case No. 8:24-cv-
02131 
 
 On October 1, 2024, Plaintiff CS Anaheim Hotel Investments, LLC filed a complaint against 
Choice alleging a fraudulent rebate scheme with vendors, misuse of system fees, misrepresentation of our 

14 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
system (inadequate for a resort), unenforceable arbitration clause, breach of contract and implied covenant 
of good faith and fair dealing, violations of the California franchise investment law (CFIL) and California’s 
unfair competition law and a declarato ry judgment that Choice is in default of the franchise agreement 
therefore not entitled to liquidated damages.  On November 18, 2024, Choice filed a motion to stay the 
litigation and compel arbitration.  This motion is currently pending before the Court. 
  
II.   ACTIONS INVOLVING THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP IN PRIOR FISCAL YEAR 
(1) ACTIONS INITIATED BY CHOICE TO RECOVER ROYALTIES, LIQUIDATED 
DAMAGES AND OTHER DEBTS OWED TO CHOICE HOTELS 
Defendant or Respondent  Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Patricia Johnson American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-1072 January 9, 2024 
Mahmoud Karimi American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-3042 January 23, 2024 
Alec Shtromandel, Daren 
Herzberg, Rahul Bijlani, 
Kaiyi Yu and 611 Degraw, 
LLC 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-4184 January 30, 2024 
Spargo, LLC and Kevin 
McDowell 
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV24000518 January 31, 2024 
Nikul Patel and Harshad 
Patel 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv00310 January 31, 2024 
Dhrumit Shah, Karan Shah, 
Nilang Maniar and Sunil 
Mehta 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-4435 January 31, 2024 
Sikander Ali Malik, 
Chhona Hotels, LLC  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-4441 January 31, 2024 
PNK I Group Investments, 
LLC, Sagar Kumar, Jayesh 
Kumar, Madhu Kumar and 
Mahendrakumar Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-4483 January 31, 2024 
A & R Hospitality, LLC 
and Zafar Chandhry 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-4401 January 31, 2024 
Jagruti Patel and 
Sahajanand Hospitality, 
LLC 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-5436 February 6, 2024 
Kulwant Deol, Amar 
Thind, Harjinder Deol and 
Thatford Lodging, LLC 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-5803 February 8, 2024 
Mihir Patel, Pralak Patel, 
Roshan Patel and Lenexa 
Hospitality, LLC 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-7098 February 13, 2024 
Tina & Tina Hospitality, 
LLC and Kailash Varkal 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0000-8182 February 20, 2024 
Trav Cor & Investments, 
Inc., Satish J. Patel, 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0002-3308 February 22, 2024 

15 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
Defendant or Respondent  Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Dharmesh Patel and Rakesh 
S. Mehta 
S and D Hospitality, LLC, 
Dharmesh M. Patel and 
Sonal Patel 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv00605 February 28, 2024 
Danville Hospitality, LLC, 
Ushakant Patel and Urvashi 
Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0002-4137 February 28, 2024 
Charleston Hotel VI, LLC, 
Charleston Hotel Holdings, 
LLC, CRU Investments, 
LLC and Steven Senft 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0002-4395 February 29, 2024 
Arvind Patel, Jaydevkumar 
B. Patel, Bhavin Patel and 
Bharat Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0002-4847 March 1, 2024 
JRC Investments, Inc., 
Chirag P. Patel and Popat 
M. Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0002-9394 March 7, 2024 
NL, LLC, Thanh Nguyen 
and Thuy Trang Ngoc Vu 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0003-0622 March 12, 2024 
American Inn NC, LLC, 
Biju George and Mini Biju 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0003-1251 March 14, 2024 
EVA 2, Inc., Vijay Patel 
and Dhansukhbhai Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0003-1964 March 19, 2024 
US Hotel, LLC, Dayabir 
Bath and Lal Sidhu 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0003-3434 March 26, 2024 
Dear Management, Inc., 
Deep Ghandawala, a/ka 
Deep Ghadawala, Yogesh 
Ghadawala, Ramesh Patel 
and Panna Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0003-3441 March 26, 2024 
Skybridge Hospitality, 
LLC, Pritesh Patel and 
Bhupendra Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0003-3777 March 28, 2024 
G Matss, LLC, Gaurang 
Jariwala and Abhishek 
Jariwala 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0003-3784 March 28, 2024 
Arora Investments, LLC 
and Parmeet Arora 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv00919 March 28, 2024 
Khodiyar Hospitality, LLC 
and Jayanti Patel  
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV24001436 March 28, 2024 
Shree Ramkabir, LLC, 
Shivam Bhakta and 
Nitinkumar Bhakta  
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV24001440 March 28, 2024 
LH15, LLC and Ajmer 
Singh 
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV24001441 March 28, 2024 

16 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
Defendant or Respondent  Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Riya Hazlet Hotel, LLC, 
Govind Thota and Ramesh 
Thota 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0004-2992 April 4, 2024 
SDP Hospitality, LLC, 
Suresh Patel, Dhruvi Patel 
and Prachi Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0004-3728 April 9, 2024 
Ganesh Sonpatki American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0004-5196 April 18, 2024 
Port Hospitality, LLC, 
Charles Hayes and James 
McCauley 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0004-5315 April 19, 2024 
Hyde Park Holdings, LLC, 
He-Young Park and Yung -
Hui Park 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0004-5837 April 23, 2024 
AKM Railroad, LLC, 
Ashok R. Patel, Kiritkumar 
Patel and Michael Olivas  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0004-6426 April 25, 2024 
Le Cercle Rouge, LLC, 
David Abdehou and Milan 
Mody 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv01263 April 30, 2024 
Nouveau Investments, 
LLC and Edward Ly  
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv01266 April 30, 2024 
VH 4122 Quincy, Inc., 
Neeti Gupta and Anuja 
Sikri 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv01265 April 30, 2024 
C.Z. Gabheraj Hospitality, 
LLC, Hemlata Jariwala 
and Rajendra Jariwala  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0004-6940 April 30, 2024 
Hemant Investments, LLC, 
Vijay Patel and Ramilaben 
Patel  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-3381 May 7, 2024 
Manoj Sikka, Sonika 
Sikka, Savita Chadhha and 
Rakesh Chaddha 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-3306 May 7, 2024 
Vision Hospitality, LLC, 
Sunesh Tewari, Viral 
Patel, Mihir Patel and 
Malthie K. Tewari  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-4953 May 14, 2024 
Premier Hotels, Inc., Prem 
Patel and Chandrakant 
Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-4840 May 14, 2024 
Laurel Hotel Associates, 
LLC and Reginald 
Winfield 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-7010 May 23, 2024 
Singh & Kaur Hotels, LLC 
and Gurpreet Kaur 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-6789 May 23, 2024 
Armaan Investments, LLC 
and Hansaben Patel  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-7246 May 28, 2024 

17 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
Defendant or Respondent  Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Laurel Hotel Associates, 
LLC and Reginald 
Winfield 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-7258 May 28, 2024 
NSDK Investments and 
Dominic Komareddy 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-7277 May 28, 2024 
Summit Hotels, LLC, 
Keystone Star 
Management, Inc., Sonny 
Patel, Chan Patel, Prem 
Patel, Ansuya Patel and 
Ruxmani Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-7789 May 30, 2024 
C Kop Hurp, LLC, Tejash 
P. Bhoola, Prakash Bhoola 
and Rajendra Jariwala  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-7574 May 30, 2024 
2009 Investors, LLC and 
Daybir Bath 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-8187 June 4, 2024 
Kanwalroop Brar and 
Gunjan Brar 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-8536 June 6, 2024 
ANSH Hospitality, LLC 
and Ashish Chaudhari  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-8730 June 6, 2024 
262 Investors, LLC and 
Surjeet Kaur 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0005-9292 June 11, 2024 
Brown Specially & 
Sweetness Enterprises, 
LLC, Ellen Bryant-Brown 
and 326-330 East 
Whitehorse Pike RE 
Holding, LLC 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0006-0835 June 20, 2024 
Garland N.C., LLC, 
Garland N.P., LLC and 
Gary A. Rubel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0006-1641 June 25, 2024 
Back Country Inn Blvd., 
LLC, Dave Patel and 
Bhoomi Patel 
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV24003312 June 27, 2024 
Miracle Inn, LLC and Li 
Shen 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0006-2072 June 27, 2024 
Dilip V. Patel American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0006-2074 June 27, 2024 
Krishna Patel and Amit 
Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0006-2159 June 27, 2024 
Sidhsiya Investment, LLC, 
Ketankumar Patel, Asish 
Patel Mitesh Pate, Nihali 
Patel and Vimalkumar 
Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0006-5750 July 18, 2024 
Power Control Systems of 
Georgia, Inc. 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0006-5753 July 18, 2024 
Paresh Patel American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0006-6766 July 23, 2024 

18 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
Defendant or Respondent  Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Stadium Hotel, LLC, Mihir 
Patel, Amish Patel and 
Ashokbhai Ahir 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0006-7083 July 25, 2024 
Regency Hotels, Inc., 
Millennium Hotels, Inc., 
Meridian Hotels, Inc., 
Chan Patel and Prem Patel  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0006-9946 July 25, 2024 
My Tran United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv02211 July 30, 2024 
Bhupinder Sodhi American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-0454 July 30, 2024 
Wonder Dream, Inc., 
Parmbhir Mann and 
Akashbir Mann 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-0466 July 30, 2024 
Jot Properties, LLC and 
Balwinder Riat 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-0448 July 30, 2024 
SNY Hospitality, LLC and 
Girish Patel 
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV24004110 July 31, 2024 
Roshankumar Patel American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-1929 August 8, 2024 
Shree Ganesh Hospitality, 
Inc., Bhavesh Patel and 
Hemant Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-2078 August 8, 2024 
CBURG Hotels, LLC and 
Surajsinh Kahor 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-3958 August 20, 2024 
RVH Investments, Inc. and 
Ryan P. Mullen 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-4190 August 22, 2024 
Mayfair Hotels, Inc. and 
Prem Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-5947 August 28, 2024 
Kantilal Maisuria, Viral 
Kothari and Manharbhai 
Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-5952 August 28, 2024 
Amber Motel, LLC, Yatish 
Shah and Chandrika Y. 
Shah 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv02511 August 29, 2024 
Bhathi Development, LLC 
and Tushar Patel 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv02514 August 29, 2024 
Eric Shuster United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv02512 August 29, 2024 
OM Hotel, LLC, Dhaval 
Vaishnav and Milan Rathod 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-6250 August 29, 2024 
Om Sai Hospitality, LLC, 
Pranav Patel, Keyur Patel 
and Chandrakant Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-6543 September 3, 2024 

19 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
Defendant or Respondent  Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Anirdesh Hospitality, LLC, 
Bharatkumar M. Patel and 
Laxman M. Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-6494 September 3, 2024 
Samer Sabbah American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-6843 September 5, 2024 
Orange Hotel, LLC, 
Dharmesh Patel and Gopi 
Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-6845 September 5, 2024 
Prem Centralia, LLC and 
Sonny Parmar 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-8321 September 17, 
2024 
MK Hospitality, LLC and 
Muhammad Zubair Khan 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-9298 September 24, 
2024 
Historic Breckenridge, 
LLC, EHS Historic 
Building Group, LLC, John 
J. Mallon Declaration of 
Trust, Frederick E. 
Spellman Trust, Charles C. 
Evans Trust, John J. 
Mallon, Frederick E. 
Spellman, Charles C. Evans 
and Stephen R. Haught 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-9823 September 26, 
2024 
Mount Shasta Hospitality, 
Inc., Daisy K. Sidhu and 
Daljit S. Sidhu 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-9850 September 26, 
2024 
Pearls Hospitality, LLC, 
Rajnikant J. Parekh, Pradip 
Archarya, Shani Magia and 
Arun H. Magia 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0007-9826 September 26, 
2024 
Flagstaff Motel Partners, 
LLC and Ranjit S. Gill 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv02776 September 27, 
2024 
Surjeet Kaur United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv02778 September 27, 
2024 
Midland Hospitality, LLC, 
Urjita P. Bhoola and 
Hemlata Jariwala 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv02777 September 27, 
2024 
Charles Morais United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv02779 September 27, 
2024 
Yashoda Hotels, LLC, 
Divya Patel, Dilip Desai 
Hiren Patel and 
Himanshuray Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-1226 October 8, 2024 
Chetna Patel and Ravina 
Mehta 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-1783 October 10, 2024 
R3 Lodging, LLC, 
Jashvanti Patel, Rajesh 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-2670 October 17, 2024 

20 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
Defendant or Respondent  Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Patel, Ravi Patel, Roshan 
Patel and The Patel Family 
Trust dated March 17, 
1986, a California trust 
12 Street Hotel, LLC, 
Harjinder Singh, Harmit 
Singh and Ashu K. Vaid 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-3586 October 22, 2024 
P & J Investors, LLC and 
Dayabir Bath 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-3430 October 23, 2024 
22 Street Sai, LLC, 
Maheshchand M. Ratanji 
and Harish Surati 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-4443 October 29, 2024 
Superior Hospitality, LLC, 
Gurpreet Kaur, Narinder 
Singh and Kulwant Singh 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv03166 October 31, 2024 
New Gen Holding CO, 
LLC and Suresh Gali 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-5603 November 5, 2024 
Orin Solomon American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-7174 November 14, 2024 
YC3004, Inc. and Amy 
Choi 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-8016 November 19, 2024 
AYUSHI, LLC, Ashok 
Patel and Dilip Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-7880 November 19, 2024 
SDSW2 Hotel, LLC and 
Daniel Khoshaba 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-8063 November 20, 2024 
Om Hospitality, Inc. and 
Rahin Shah 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0008-9580 December 3, 2024 
Laxminarayan Lodging, 
LLC and Mahekkumar M. 
Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0009-0001 December 5, 2024 
Onyx Miami Springs Hotel, 
LLC, Sameet Patel and 
Nilesh Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0009-0979 December 10, 2024 
Kalpesh B. Patel American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0009-1580 December 12, 2024 
Akshay Hotels, LLC and 
Dilip Desai 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv03641 December 17, 2024 
Capital Ave Hospitality, 
LLC, Nirav Patel and 
Pratyush Patel 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv03647 December 17, 2024 
Panchal Enterprises, Inc. 
and Yogesh Panchal 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv03646 December 17, 2024 
PIRI, Inc. and Pirian 
Sivakumar 
United States District Court 
for the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:2024cv03638 December 17, 2024 

21 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
 
(2) ACTIONS INITIATED BY CHOICE TO ENFORCE INTELLECTUAL 
PROPERTY RIGHTS – POST TERMINATION 
 
 No such actions were filed in 2024. 
III. RESOLVED LITIGATION/PRIOR ACTIONS 
(1) Sender Kohl v. Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Fort Lauderdale Division, 
Case #0:18-cv-62597 and American Arbitration Association, Case #01-19-0000-1797 
 
               On October 29, 2018, Sender Kohl filed an action against us seeking damages in an unspecified 
amount.  The complaint alleged breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing, fraud and material misrepresentat ions.  In December 2018, the court action was stayed pending 
arbitration, pursuant to the terms of the franchise agreement, which was filed in January 2019.  On August 
25, 2021, the parties settled this dispute.   
 
As part of the settlement, Choice agreed to pay its former franchisee $85,000.00 in exchange for 
dismissal of the arbitration. 
 
(2) Highmark Lodging, LLC, et al. v. Choice Hotels International, Inc., et al. 
American Arbitration Association, Case #01-21-0004-5554 
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Case #5:20cv2823 
  
On June 29, 2021, Highmark Lodging, LLC and Darshan Patel (“Highmark”) filed an arbitration 
against Choice Hotels International, Inc. and Choice Hotels Owners Council in conjunction with the 
underlying action that is discussed in Section I.(2) above .  A Final Award was issued on July 27, 2023 
against Choice and in favor of Highmark in the amount of $740,072.25.  Highmark filed a motion to confirm 
the Final Award and Choice filed a motion to vacate in part. Choice’s motion was denied, and a final 
judgment was entered against Choice in the amount of $779,398.40 on March 4, 2024.  
  
(3)  Dahya Investments Incorporated, et al. v. Choice Hotels International, Inc., et al. 
American Arbitration Association, Case #01-21-0004-5563 
United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Southern Division,  
Case No. 8:2023cv01685 
  
On June 29, 2021, Dahya Investments Incorporated and Dinu Patel (“Dahya”) filed an arbitration 
against Choice Hotels International, Inc. and Choice Hotels Owners Council in conjunction with the 
underlying action that is discussed in Section I.(2) above .  A Final Award was issued on May 9, 2023 
finding that: 1) Choice must pay $882 for breach of contract and 2) Dahya must pay Choice the sum of 
$603,483.00 for attorney’s fees and costs relating to the dismissed claims.   
Defendant or Respondent  Venue Case Number Filing Date 
BRK Colorado, Inc., 
Daksha Vallabh and 
Rajeshkumar Vallabh  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0009-2043 December 17, 2024 
Frederic E. Washington  American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0009-2202 December 17, 2024 
Ravinder Singh American Arbitration 
Association 
01-24-0009-2045 December 17, 2024 

22 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
 
Choice filed a motion to confirm the Final Award against Dahya and the Final Award was 
confirmed into a judgment on January 17, 2024 at the motion to seal hearing.   
 
(4)  Choice Hotels International, Inc. v. DIP Hospitality, LLC, et al. 
American Arbitration Association, Case #01-21-0003-7036 
 
On April 9, 2021, Choice initiated this arbitration to pursue contractually due franchise fees, a 
promissory note balance, and lost profit damages from the franchisees in the amount of $498,495.93.   On 
May 19, 2021, Franchisees filed a counterclaim against Choice in the amount of $3,000,000. The arbitration 
panel issued an award dated July 9, 2024 finding that: 1) Choice prevailed on its claims for unpaid franchise 
fees, promissory note balance and audit fees for a total amount of $256,051.37; and 2) denied DIP 
Hospitality, LLC’s claims that Choice failed to obtain volume discounts from qualified vendors and was in 
breach of contract obligations relating to volume discounts, key money and call forwarding.  DIP 
Hospitality, LLC prevailed on its wrongful termination claim in the amount of $4,411.678.56 and were 
found to be the prevailing party and awarded fees and costs in the amount of $430,125.87. 
 
*  *  * 
Other than these actions, no litigation must be disclosed in this Disclosure Document. 
 
ITEM 4 
BANKRUPTCY 
 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
 
 
ITEM 5 
INITIAL FEES 
 
APPLICATION AND AFFILIATION FEE 
You must pay an affiliation fee that is the greater of $45,000 or $450 for each Sleeping Room (the 
number of rentable sleeping rooms) at the Hotel.  The entire affiliation fee is due no later than the time you 
sign the Franchise Agreement and is non- refundable following our signing of the F ranchise Agreement. 
We will also collect a non-refundable application fee of $5,000 that will be credited towards the affiliation 
fee. If for any reason we do not grant you a franchise, or a F ranchise Agreement is not counter signed by 
us, the affiliation fee, less the $5,000 application fee, will be refunded to you.  Financing information is in 
Item 10.   
 
In the past, we have agreed to reduce the affiliation fee in certain instances for multiple unit 
franchisees, franchisees with larger properties, franchisees with whom we have previously dealt, 
franchisees that are departing other hotel chains or franchised systems and joining our system, and 
franchisees in other special circumstances.  However, we do not always negotiate the affiliation fee even 
for franchisees possessing these characteristics, and we may freely choose not to negotiate with you, even 
if you possess some or all of these characteristics.   
 
During the 12 months ending December 31, 2024, the affiliation fees we charged ranged from 
$15,000-$30,000 for PARK Franchise Agreements.   
 

23 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
EXTENSION FEE AND OTHER CONSTRUCTION-RELATED FEES 
If you do not begin construction or do not complete renovations to an existing franchised hotel 
within the time required under your Franchise Agreement, you may apply for an additional 3 months in 
which to begin construction or complete renovations.  If we  agree to grant an extension, you must pay us 
an additional $5,000 per extension.  In special circumstances we may waive the extension fee, but we are 
not obligated to, and any decision to waive an extension fee will be determined solely by us. 
 
If you request a waiver from using any pre-approved interior design schemes, then you must pay us our 
Interior Design Waiver Fee, which is $20,000. The Interior Design Waiver Fee is payable at the time of the 
request. These fee must be paid regardless of whether the waiver is granted.     
 
When transferring at least 50% ownership interest in your hotel, you must pay us a property 
improvement plan fee of $3,000.  This fee is for the inspection of your Hotel and the creation of a property 
improvement plan that will be integrated into the new franchise agreement with the buyer/transferee. 
 
CENTRAL RESERVATION SYSTEM AND PROPERTY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
You are required to use our central reservation system (“CRS”).  Our CRS consists of our toll-free 
telephone reservation system, our proprietary internet sites, mobile phone and tablet reservation 
applications, interfaces with global distribution systems, and other internet reservations sites (such as online 
travel agencies).  Our CRS provides a data link to our franchised properties as well as to travel reservation 
systems such as Amadeus, Galileo, SABRE and Worldspan that facilitate the reservation process for travel 
agents and corporate travelers. We also offer rooms for rent on our website (http://www.choicehotels.com) 
and mobile applications as well as those of online travel agents ( OTAs) and other third- party internet 
referral or booking services.  Our toll -free telephone reservation system primarily utilizes third -party call 
center service providers. Reservation agents trained on the reservation system have the goal of matching 
each caller with a Choice- branded hotel meeting the caller’s needs. We also operate a call forwarding 
program through which our franchisees can leverage our CRS capabilities by forwarding reservation calls 
received directly by the property to one of our reservation centers. Some components of the CRS have 
separate fees, as further described in Item 6 below.  We also continue to upgrade our technology to ensure 
that our CRS can effectively handle the current and future volume on digital channels and support the 
industry’s shift toward accelerated digital communications and guest experience personalization. In support 
of these initiatives, we developed choiceEDGE, which is a cloud-based software to manage all distribution 
for the c ompany by optimizing rate, inventory, availability, shopping, booking, and reservations for its 
website, mobile apps, and third-party distribution partners. 
As a part of the CRS, you are required to install, maintain, and use full functionality of the 
choiceADVANTAGE® property management and reservation system as specified by us.  
choiceADVANTAGE® synchronizes each hotel’s inventory with our  CRS, which gives our reservation 
sales agents and other proprietary channels the last room sell capabilities at every hotel.  You must purchase 
from us, an initial software license to use choiceADVANTAGE®. The software license includes one basic 
interface connected to choiceADVANTAGE®. Optional interfaces are available for an additional fee.  You 
will receive dedicated support during your onboarding of choiceADVANTAGE®. The fees for the software 
license, the choiceADVANTAGE® systems onboarding, project management, and credit card interface are 
between $5,250 and $ 7,250 depending on the number of hotel rooms. The price is subject to increase 
depending on the number of additional interfaces you select.  The initial software license and onboarding 
fees do not include the monthly choiceADVANTAGE ® support fee to cover ongoing remote software 
support ( see Item 6).  If you need to reschedule onboarding or if onboarding is not completed due to 
circumstances that are within your control, there will be a rescheduling fee between $500 and $2,100.   

24 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
PRE-OPENING – BRAND IN A BOX 
Through our Brand in the Box program, we will assist you with the upfront costs of opening your 
hotel.  Your participation in this program is mandatory.  As a part of this program, you will pay us a 
nonrefundable fee of approximately $6,000- $30,000 (based on brand and room count and excluding 
shipping charges) for certain pre-opening items that we will order on your behalf, including the purchase 
of the software for choiceADVANTAGE® (as discussed above in this Item 5) and the hardware to operate 
that system, and other pre-opening items as needed.  In exchange, you will reimburse us by paying us in 
one lump sum or these costs will be billed to you on the monthly franchisee invoice over 12 months with 
no interest included. 
ORIENTATION / HOSPITALITY TRAINING 
We provide required training programs that you, your General Manager, or other key employees 
must complete before opening your hotel in the Choice franchise system  or within 90 days of the hotel’s 
opening or relicensing.  The training fees you must pay for orientation and hospitality operations training 
include our Choice Onboard training fee  of $1,950, and our Hospitality Operations Success Training 
(“HOST”) fee of $1,395. The cost of attending the Choice Onboard training for any subsequent attendees 
beyond the Owner and the General Manager is 50% of the tuition (not to exceed $975) per subsequent 
attendee.  The HOST training fee covers an operator certification program that is offered virtually, 
consisting of self-paced online lessons, live interactive virtual workshops, and exams.  The costs for both 
training programs do not inc lude the cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend the required training 
programs.  The total training fee is between $1,395 and $3,345 per person, plus travel, lodging and meals 
for you and your General Manager.  Training consists of a 3- day Choice onboarding program offered 
monthly at one of our Choice corporate locations in Maryland or Arizona, as well as an operator certification 
program that is offered virtually.  Some or all of the training may not be required if you have previously 
owned a Choice branded hotel, obtained Choice Hotels training certification for another existing Choice -
branded hotel and/or a hotel staff member has previously completed the training in a prior position. 
When a franchised hotel undergoes a 50% or greater change in its ownership and the new owners 
sign a franchise agreement with Choice (known as a “re -licensing”), the hotel is also required to have a 
customized re-licensing training. This training  is delivered remotely via completion of a dedicated, self -
paced Learning Map in the Choice University online learning management system (LMS).  The fee for the 
re-licensing training is $995. 
Attendance is mandatory at the training programs identified in this Item 5.  Failure to attend within 
the prescribed time frame may result in a non -compliance penalty of $125 per month for failure to attend 
the Choice Onboard training or $250 per month for  failure to attend the HOST training until compliant 
and/or formal default, and the failure to cure the default could result in the termination of your franchise 
agreement.  For more detailed information on each training program, see Item 11. 
* * * 
Except as identified in this Item 5, all fees are uniform, are fully earned by us when paid by you, and 
we have no obligation to refund these fees.  Except as set forth in Item 10, we do not offer financing for 
any part of the affiliation fee, and we do not offer financing for any other initial fees paid to us. 
 
 
ITEM 6 
OTHER FEES  
 

25 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
GENERAL    
Royalty Fee 5.5% of the preceding 
month’s Gross Room 
Revenues (“GRR”)  
(Note 2). 
Payable monthly.  
Marketing and Reservation 
Fee 
3.25% of the preceding 
month’s GRR (Note 2). 
Payable monthly. The Marketing and 
Reservation Fee covers the 
ongoing development, 
maintenance and 
upgrading of the 
reservations system, as 
well as pay for 
expenditures associated 
with media, advertising, 
publicity, public relations, 
marketing, reservations 
and certain franchise 
services.  These 
expenditures enhance 
awareness and consumer 
preference for our brands 
and deliver guests to our 
franchisees. Greater 
awareness and preference 
help promote long-term 
growth in business 
delivery to our 
franchisees. (Note 3). 
REWARDS, 
MARKETING AND 
DISTRIBUTION 
PROGRAMS 
   
Rewards Program Fee 
(Choice Privileges Loyalty 
Program) 
5% of room revenue 
generated by rewards 
program members. 
Monthly 
(Commission invoice 
is transmitted each 
Sunday night and 
payment must be 
submitted to us no 
later than Friday). 
This Rewards Program 
Fee is established by us to 
administer the program 
and reimburse hotels for 
reward nights. 
 
Airline Frequent Traveler 
Program Fee 
5% of room revenue 
generated by airline 
frequent travelers. 
Payable monthly. This fee is established by 
us to administer the 
program and pay for 
airline miles awarded. 

26 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
 Choice Accelerate 3% of gross room revenue 
from consumed stays 
delivered from direct 
online channel bookings 
(certain exclusions and 
stay caps apply). 
 
Consumed stays resulting 
from international 
marketing paid and meta 
advertising efforts are 
subject to a fee of up to 
10% of gross room 
revenue, but will not be 
subject to the 3% fee 
noted above. 
 
Payable monthly. Choice Accelerate is the 
enterprise paid media 
program that aims to drive 
direct online channel 
bookings to your hotel 
through negotiated 
marketing arrangements, 
search engine 
optimization, social media 
and more.   
 
Programs Processing Fee  $0.12 per transaction per 
eligible stay for Reward 
Program or Choice 
Accelerate   
 
(not charged if the 
Commission Processing 
Fee is charged by Onyx). 
Payable monthly. This fee covers our 
administrative costs of 
consolidating the billing 
and processing 
disbursements for the 
applicable Marketing and 
Rewards program costs.   
Third Party Distribution Fee $3.75 for each consumed 
reservation made through 
directly connected online 
travel agents, DerbySoft 
and DHISCO. 
 
Payable monthly. Directly connected online 
travel agents include 
Expedia, Hopper and 
Booking.com.  
Connectivity solutions 
such as DerbySoft and 
DHISCO are used to 
connect with other online 
travel agents, such as 
Agoda/Priceline, 
Getaroom and 
wholesalers, such as 
Hotelbeds and WebBeds.   
Travel Agent and Other 
Reservation Based 
Commissions (Note 4) 
Standard commission 
(currently 10% - 15%) 
includes our Travel Agent 
Centralized Commission 
Program handled via 
Onyx and additional 
programs from third party 
designated accounts. 
Weekly (Commission 
remittance is 
available via the 
online portal of our 
commission 
processing vendor, 
Onyx CenterSource, 
each Monday and 
payment must be 
submitted no later 
than Thursday) or 
monthly for 
commissions directly 
indicated on invoice. 
$0.48 per Commissionable 
Transaction processing fee 
for commissions handled 
via the Travel Agent 
Centralized Commission 
Program is applied to the 
Onyx remittance. 
 
Commissions are payable 
on retail or “rack” rates 
and not on net, non-
commissionable rates. 
 

27 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Egencia Preferred Program 
 
Payment of a $5.00 per 
night Choice Privileges 
fee covering 1,000 loyalty 
points, in addition to the 
payment of any 
applicable Expedia 
commission. 
As incurred The Egencia Preferred 
Program offers your hotel 
the opportunity to gain 
priority access to the more 
than four million business 
travelers who book 
through Egencia each 
year.  You may opt out of 
this program.  The 
Rewards Program Fees of 
the Choices Privileges 
Loyalty Program 
described above do not 
apply to these Egencia 
bookings. 
Leisure Affinity Promotional 
Program 
You must pay a per 
preferred room night fee 
of $2.50 (or up to the 
equivalent of a 10% 
commission) for all 
consumed stays booked 
through our Leisure 
Affinity Promotional 
Program. 
Payable monthly This program is offered to 
affinity organizations such 
as AARP and other 
leisure-based member-
based organizations with 
which we have negotiated 
preferred status. The fee 
may vary based on the 
Affinity partner.  This fee 
will be waived for any 
reservation that is billed 
the Choice Accelerate 
fee.   
 
Global Distribution System 
(“GDS”)  
Currently $7.70 for each 
reservation received 
through a GDS with 
which we have an 
agreement. 
Payable monthly. This fee is a 
reimbursement of costs we 
incur by using a GDS and 
is subject to change to 
reflect changes in our 
GDS costs, including cost 
increases imposed by third 
parties.   

28 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Platform Marketing 
Distribution 
Up to 15% commission 
for consumed reservations 
generated through 
Choice’s third-party 
marketing platform 
Payable monthly and 
as incurred 
This fee is mandatory and 
based on consumed 
reservations (which may 
include revenue from the 
rental, sale, use, or 
occupancy of your hotel) 
facilitated through a third-
party platform marketing, 
such as Penn 
Entertainment and 
others.  These 
opportunities help 
introduce new guests to 
Choice’s Brands.  We 
reserve the right to modify 
the engagement, including 
adding or removing third 
party participants.   
Mega Agency and Consortia 
Pay for Performance 
Program (Note 5) 
2.7% of total room 
revenue from consumed 
business (for example, 
actual room sold). 
Payable monthly.  
FedRooms/DoD Program 2.25% of room revenue 
per consumed stays 
resulting from program 
activities 
As incurred The fee is billed to 
properties who participate 
in the FedRooms or DoD 
program 
PROPERTY 
MANAGEMENT 
SYSTEM AND 
TECHNOLOGY  
   
choiceADVANTAGE® 
Support Fee  
$360-$719/per month, 
based on room count. 
Payable monthly. This fee includes call 
accounting and CRS 
interfaces.  Additional 
interfaces are optional and 
will add $50/month each 
to the support fee. 
/CONNECT integrations 
are optional and will add 
$0.35 per room per month 
to the support fee. (See 
also Item 5 regarding the 
purchase of 
choiceADVANTAGE in 
connection with Brand in a 
Box.) 

29 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
choiceADVANTAGE® 
Database Clean Up Fee 
$500 As incurred. This fee covers the cost to 
assist with updating 
information stored in the 
choiceADVANTAGE® 
database, including 
reservations and account 
data and applies to 
existing or former Choice 
branded properties that 
change ownership or 
require prior database 
information be renewed or 
expunged.  (See also Item 
5 regarding the purchase 
of choiceADVANTAGE 
in connection with Brand 
in a Box.) 
Choice Digital Registration  Depending on the number 
of hotel rooms at your 
Hotel, you must purchase 
one or more tablets 
through one of our 
qualified vendors at an 
approximate cost of 
$250.00 each.  
As incurred  The purchase of the tablets 
are mandatory costs.  The 
digital registration 
program allows guests 
among other things to 
digitally sign an electronic 
registration card that is 
then stored in the cloud 
and made available via 
choiceADVANTAGE® to 
hotels.   
CrowdStrike $35 Payable monthly 
 
The fee is required for all 
brands and covers security 
software and services to 
help monitor, detect and 
prevent software-based 
cyber security threats.   

30 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Technology & Interface 
Connect Fee 
$1.70 per sleeping room 
per month with a 
maximum of 250 sleeping 
rooms invoiced. 
Payable monthly Four web -based email 
accounts are included  in 
these fees.   These fees do 
not include all technology 
costs required to operate a 
typical Hotel.  Examples of 
systems not included are 
telephone, accounting, 
payroll, inventory 
management, call 
accounting, voice mail, 
guest internet, free to guest 
tele
vision and concierge 
applications.  You must 
maintain other systems 
through suppliers of your 
choosing.  We offer a list 
of approved suppliers for 
many of these systems, but 
these are recommendations 
only.  
 
REVENUE 
MANAGEMENT AND 
RELATED PROGRAMS 
   
Choice Revenue 
Optimization Services 
(“ChoiceROCS”) 
(Note 6) 
$525 - $1,500 based on 
offering tier/service levels 
and room count. 
Monthly. ChoiceROCS is a multi-
faceted program that 
provides participating 
franchisees with a variety 
of revenue management 
services and support 
depending on the needs of 
the hotel.  You will work 
directly with a Choice 
revenue manager that is 
trained to help support the 
revenue management 
needs of the franchisee. 
 
Participation in 
ChoiceROCS is optional. 
During the first year, the 
only minimum service 
levels available for 
enrollment are Silver or 
higher, as further set forth 
in the Rules and 
Regulations. 

31 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
ChoiceMAX Revenue 
Management System (or 
similar program) (Note 6) 
 
$130 - $180 based on 
number of rooms. 
Monthly. ChoiceMAX is our 
revenue management 
software platform that 
provides forecasting and 
pricing recommendations.  
Participation in 
ChoiceMAX is optional. 
Monthly fees for 
ChoiceMAX (or similar 
program) will be bundled 
with the ChoiceROCS 
monthly fee for 
participating hotels. 
ChoiceMAX Training and 
Set Up Fee  
$1,500 At the time of 
ChoiceMAX 
installation.  
This program is 
mandatory for hotels 
participating in the 
ChoiceMAX.  This fee 
covers the following: 
System implementation 
and account access, 
activation of competitive 
rate shopping services, 
support for proper tool 
setup and configuration, 
self-paced training and job 
aids. In addition, you must 
pay this fee if you are 
reinstated into 
ChoiceMAX because of 
seasonal closures, 
rebranding, or for other 
reasons. 
OTHER    
Annual Convention 
Registration Fee 
$1,600  per attendee plus 
travel, lodging, and living 
expenses. We also charge 
a late registration fee of 
an additional $500.   
Annually, before 
Convention. 
The annual convention is 
designed to give our 
franchisees resources and 
information to better 
leverage our strong value 
proposition. Attendees 
participate in a full 
schedule of education and 
brand sessions and 
networking events. In 
addition, there is a trade 
show with the industry's 
top suppliers.  
 
One owner must attend 
our annual convention. We 
also recommend that your 
General Manager attend. 

32 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Educational Resources 
Program 
$600 plus any applicable 
taxes. 
Annually (billed in 
four even amounts on 
a quarterly basis). 
This program provides 
unlimited access to 
training programs on 
Choice’s online learning 
management system 
(including Choice 
University). 
Additional Training 
Programs 
Reasonable charges 
ranging from $49 - $499. 
On enrollment. You also must pay travel, 
lodging and living 
expenses for all attending 
employees for any 
additional training 
requested by you or 
required by us. 
Re-Licensed Hotel Training $995  Within 90 days of 
transfer and franchise 
agreement execution. 
This training is required 
when a hotel changes 
ownership, and the new 
owners sign a franchise 
agreement with Choice. 
Room Count Change Fee The per-room charge then 
being charged for new 
franchisees, but not less 
than $1,000.   
Before the expansion 
or removal of 
sleeping rooms. 
This fee is applicable only 
if you choose to change 
the room count by more 
than 5%.  Our consent is 
required for any room 
count change greater than 
5%. 
Assumption Fee $7,500. Upon submission of 
application. 
This fee is applicable if we 
consent to a transfer of 
less than 50% of the 
equity interest in you or 
the hotel. 
Property Improvement Plan 
Fee 
$3,000. Upon transferee’s 
submission of 
application. 
This fee is for the 
inspection of your hotel 
and the creation of a 
property improvement 
plan which will be 
integrated into the 
transferee’s franchise 
agreement. 
Comfort Letter Fee $2,500 (if a Comfort 
Letter is needed within 1-
3 days there will be a 
$500 expedite fee.) 
Upon request for a 
Comfort Letter. 
The comfort letter is a 
document issued by us in 
our sole discretion that 
grants your lender certain 
rights under the franchise 
agreement upon your 
default of your loan 
obligations to the lender. 
You may be required to 
sign this agreement as a 
condition of receiving a 
loan from your lender. 
Attached as Exhibit N is 
our current form comfort 
letter. 

33 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Choice Privileges Elite 
Welcome Recognition 
Program 
Approximately $0.005 
per Choice Privileges 
point awarded to guest, or 
the cost of the gift 
provided to guest. 
Monthly for Choice 
Privileges point 
reimbursements. As 
incurred for other 
gifts provided. 
At check-in, Choice 
Privileges Elite members 
will be given the option of 
receiving Choice 
Privileges points (amount 
determined by us) or a gift 
as required by us (such as 
snacks, drinks, a F&B 
credit of $5.00 in retail 
value, or other items).   
Transfer Fee The then current 
affiliation fee or $45,000, 
whichever is greater.  The 
Transfer Fee is subject to 
state law. 
Upon transferee’s 
submission of 
application. 
This fee is applicable only 
if we consent to a transfer 
of 50% or more of the 
equity interest in you or 
your hotel franchise.  Our 
consent is required for any 
transfer of more than 5% 
of the equity interests in 
you or the hotel. 
Close Family Member 
Transfer Fee 
$0-$7,500  Upon transferee’s 
submission of 
application. 
Upon death or disability, if 
you wish to transfer to a 
Close Family Member 
(defined as a franchisee’s 
adult spouse, parent, child, 
sibling, grandchild, or 
grandparent) we will 
charge a non-refundable 
application fee not to 
exceed $7,500. 
Change of Ownership $3,000 Upon submission of 
application 
This fee is applicable for 
any transfer of less than a 
50% equity interest in you 
or your hotel franchise.   
Choice Privileges “Points 
Plus Accelerator” Packages 
 
Approximately $0.005 
per Choice Privileges 
point that is awarded to a 
guest. 
 
Monthly for Choice 
Privileges point 
reimbursements. 
At the time of booking, 
when booking BAR, 
guests have the option to 
purchase 1,000, 2,000 or 
5,000 points in addition to 
their base stay 
points.  Hotels are charged 
for the additional points 
purchased by the guest.   

34 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Insurance Reimbursement 
Fee 
$500-$100,000 As incurred  This fee applies only if 
you fail to procure or 
provide us with evidence 
that you maintain at least 
the minimum insurance 
required by the Franchise 
Agreement.  The range for 
this fee is dependent on 
market conditions and a 
policy may fall outside of 
this range depending on 
the current market rate. 
We may also give you the 
option to procure certain 
insurance policies through 
programs we facilitate, 
which may be billed by us 
for participating hotels. 
Taxes Amount assessed by 
federal, state and local tax 
authorities 
When we invoice you You must pay an amount 
equal to any sales tax, 
gross receipt tax or similar 
tax imposed with respect 
to any payments required 
under the Franchise 
Agreement, unless the tax 
is credited against income 
tax otherwise payable to 
us. You will have no 
obligation for any tax 
which is based upon our 
net income. 
Energy Collection & 
Measurement (ECM) 
Software Platform  
$215 (annually) and up to 
$250 associated with 
implementation and 
service 
Monthly payment of 
approximately $18.00 
This platform is intended 
to improve energy 
efficiency at the hotel.  
The fee is mandatory and 
will appear on the 
franchisee’s invoice.  The 
fee includes onboarding 
and implementation of the 
hotel into the hosted 
service (Resource 
Advisor), recurring 
collection and aggregation 
of the hotel’s energy 
consumption data, and 
platform access and use of 
the sustainability 
measurement dashboard 
and reporting.   
OPTIONAL    

35 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Sales Certification Training 
Program 
$500 per attendee On enrollment This training program is 
optional and is a 3 day 
sales workshop.  
Attendees must pay travel, 
lodging and living 
expenses.  
Medallia Concierge 
Subscription Fee 
$80 per month Payable monthly. Medallia Concierge is a 
real-time guest text 
messaging platform for 
guest engagement and 
service needs.  You will 
pay the monthly 
subscription fee listed in 
the chart for the Medallia 
Concierge platform, which 
we collect and then pay to 
the vendor.    
ResConnect Program 
(formerly Call Forwarding) 
 
$3.00 per call transferred 
from your hotel to our 
CRS or the ResConnect 
System. 
 
You are responsible for 
any additional costs 
necessary to update your 
telephone systems at the 
property to support the 
ResConnect system. 
 
An early exit fee of 
$500/month remaining in 
the initial term (plus a pro 
rata share for the 
remaining portion of the 
current month) 
Payable monthly.  This is an optional 
program and we may 
change the fee at any time 
upon providing prior 
written notice to you.  
Exhibit F includes the 
ResConnect  Agreement.   
 
For non-participating hotels 
that transfer calls to the 
ResConnect Program, a 
hotel will be billed up to 
the greater of 5% booked 
Gross Room Revenue, 
$5.00 per call forwarded, or 
may be auto-enrolled in the 
program at our election. 
   
 
Choice Privileges 
Meeting/Group Planner Point 
Program 
$0.005 per Choice 
Privileges point awarded. 
Payable monthly.  Meeting organizers will be 
awarded 3 Choice 
Privileges points per dollar 
spent on meeting related 
activities (meeting room 
rental, food and beverage, 
and meeting attendees’ 
guest rooms).   

36 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Marketing Cooperative Fee $400 - $2,400 annually Payable by December 
31st of each year. 
This fee is established by 
the regional franchisee 
marketing cooperatives 
and varies by region and 
hotel size.  These fees are 
placed in a fund for each 
regional marketing 
cooperative and used for 
its operating expenses.  
Participation in a 
marketing cooperative is 
voluntary.    (See Item 11).   
Additional Consultation and 
Services Fee 
 
Dependent on the service 
requested 
As incurred We may make available 
additional consultation and 
services to assist you to 
construct, renovate, 
maintain, operate, and/or 
market the Hotel. 
choiceADVANTAGE® 
Quick Shop 
$30 monthly Payable monthly This is a feature to 
improve the process for 
hotels that have a side 
shop off the front desk to 
sell snacks and sundries. 
Available only upon 
request.   
AHLA Dues $3.00/per room  Annually  This fee covers dues for 
membership in the 
American Hotel & 
Lodging Association.  You 
have the opportunity to opt 
out of membership by 
January 15 of each year.  
AAA Official Appointment $1,300 - $2,600 based on 
the level of diamond 
rating and the number of 
rooms in the hotel 
Annually This fee covers the AAA 
Official Appointment 
license for hotels that are 
awarded AAA diamond 
designations.  You may 
opt out each year.   
REMEDIES AND NON-
COMPLIANCE 
   

37 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Non-Compliance Penalty $35 - $25,000 per 
instance of non-
compliance.  
As incurred. Non-compliance penalty is 
charged as a result of a 
failure to attend required 
training, to meet quality 
assurance and/or guest 
satisfaction standards 
required for the brand, 
non-compliance with your 
Property Improvement 
Plan, non-compliance with 
the franchise agreement or 
the Rules and Regulations
. 
This range of penalties 
may change from time to 
time. 
Guest Relations Program Fee $70 per complaint plus 
the cost to resolve the 
guest complaint 
As incurred If we receive a legitimate 
guest complaint within the 
hotel’s control and 
respond to or resolve the 
complaint on your behalf, 
you must pay us the Guest 
Relations Program fee 
plus our costs to resolve 
the matter.   
Human trafficking 
prevention training non-
compliance fee 
$200 quarterly non-
compliance penalty 
 Each property hotel 
owner(s) and/or 
management level 
designee is required to 
complete the ChoiceU 
Human Trafficking 
Prevention training 
module on ChoiceU. The 
certification must be 
renewed every twelve 
months. The quarterly 
non-compliance fee will 
be charged to hotels that 
do not comply with this 
brand requirement.  We 
will submit 100% of the 
proceeds of this non-
compliance fee to 
organizations selected by 
us that support efforts to 
combat human trafficking. 

38 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Audit Fee Cost of inspection or 
audit, including travel, 
lodging, meals, salaries, 
professional fees and 
other expenses.  We 
anticipate the cost will be 
$1,000 - $6,000. 
As incurred.    Payable only if any 
inspection or audit 
discloses a deficiency in 
any payments due under 
the franchise agreement.  
If the deficiency in any 
payment is willful or 
exceeds 5% of the correct 
amount, you must 
immediately pay the 
deficient amount plus 
interest at 1.5% and the 
entire cost of the 
inspection or audit, 
including travel, lodging, 
meals, salaries, 
professional fees, and 
other expenses of the 
inspecting or auditing 
personnel. 
Revenue Reporting Late Fee 1.5% of the preceding 
month’s Royalty Fee and 
Marketing and 
Reservation Fee. 
Payable only if you 
do not send us the 
required reports on 
time. 
Immediately payable if 
any report is not timely 
submitted. 
Interest 1.5% of the delinquent 
amount. 
Payable only if you 
do not pay your bills 
on time. 
Immediately payable if 
your account is not timely 
paid.  
Reservation System 
Reinstatement Fee 
$5,000 This fee must be paid 
prior to the 
reinstatement of 
reservation services. 
Payable only if you are 
suspended from the 
reservation system due to 
your default and you wish 
to be reinstated. 

39 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Liquidated Damages 
(Note 7) 
If terminated before 
opening, the number of 
sleeping rooms multiplied 
by 36 months, multiplied 
by $25. 
 
If terminated after 
opening, the greater of (a) 
$25, multiplied by the 
number of sleeping 
rooms, multiplied by the 
number of months until 
the next date on which 
you may terminate the 
franchise agreement 
without penalty (not to 
exceed 36 months); or (b) 
the average monthly GRR 
for the last 12 months, 
multiplied by the Royalty 
Fee, multiplied by the 
number of months until 
the next date on which 
you may terminate the 
franchise agreement 
without penalty (not to 
exceed 36 months). 
Within 30 days after 
termination. 
 
Intellectual Property 
Liquidated Damages 
$2,500 per day that you 
continue to use our 
intellectual property 
following the expiration 
or termination of the 
franchise agreement. 
Upon demand. If you continue to use our 
intellectual property after 
the expiration or 
termination of the 
franchise agreement, you 
must pay this fee to 
compensate us for damage 
to our ownership interests 
in our intellectual 
property.  
Costs and Attorneys’ Fees Will vary under 
circumstances 
Payable on receipt of 
invoice 
If we are successful in any 
legal action or arbitration 
proceeding we bring 
against you or in 
defending any legal action 
or arbitration proceeding 
you bring against us.  
 
Note 1:  Unless otherwise stated, these fees are imposed by us, paid to us, and are non -
refundable.  The Travel Agent and Other Reservation Based Commissions fee and the Travel Agent 
Centralized Commission Processing Fee may not be paid to Choice.  Unless otherwise stated, all fees are 
uniformly imposed except when negotiated in special circumstances. 
Note 2:   “Gross Room Revenues” are revenues from the rental, sale, use or occupancy of 
sleeping rooms at the hotel for whatever purpose, including cash and credit transactions, whether or not 
collected by you, guaranteed no show revenue, early departure fees, late checkout fees, day use revenue, 

40 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
attrition or cancellation fees, and any proceeds from business interruption insurance. It does not include 
taxes required by law, revenues from telephone calls, movie rentals, vending machines, room service, 
meeting rooms or food and beverage sales.  
Note 3:  We may increase the Marketing and Reservation Fee for increases in inflation or 
costs of advertising, publicity, public relations, marketing or for increases in our cost of providing the 
reservation system or any other aspect of our franchise system so long as the increases apply to all or most 
of the U.S. hotels in our franchise system.  We may also assess additional fees and charges for various 
components of the System and other services (including promotional programs and use of proprietary 
software) as described in the Rules and Regulations.  
Note 4:   A “Travel Agent” includes traditional travel agents, such as American Express 
Travel, CWT, BCD and others, as well as online travel agents such as Expedia if those online travel agents 
book through our global distribution system (“GDS”).  The additional commission will apply to reservations 
via travel agents, GDS, and Choice's central reservation system, but will not apply to reservations through 
online travel agents (for example, Expedia) that are designated by an International Air Transport 
Association number. 
Note 5: Choice has secured preferred status with leading “mega” travel agencies (for example, 
multi-national travel management companies) and consortia of travel agencies so that our franchisees 
receive a high level of exposure within the Global Distribution System, corporate online booking tools, and 
preferencing through the various booking channels.  For consumed reservations booked through a “mega” 
travel agency that are commissionable, the Travel Agent and Other Reservation Based Commissions Fee 
and Travel Agent Centralized Commission Processing Fee  will apply. These payments are made through 
ONYX.  Hotels that are not current with their travel agent fees risk suspension from the agencies booking 
tool.   
Note 6:          ChoiceMAX is a revenue management technology solution that provides forecasting 
and pricing recommendations, and includes: a Revenue Management Technology Solution; reporting and 
analytical tools; and revenue management support.  ChoiceROCS will provide these elements as a package 
or individually to supplement franchisees’ revenue management program.   ChoiceROCS includes a 
Revenue Management Consultation and works in tandem with ChoiceMAX (or similar program).  The cost 
of both programs is determined by the number of rooms in the hotel and offering/service tier.   See the 
ChoiceMAX and ChoiceROCS fees described in this Item 6.  Monthly fees for ChoiceMAX  (or similar 
program) will be bundled with the ChoiceROCS monthly fee for participating hotels.
 
Note 7:  This fee is payable only if the franchise agreement is terminated due to your breach 
and does not apply where state law prohibits it.  
 
ITEM 7 
 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT  
 
PARK INN CONVERSION HOTEL 
 

41 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF EXPENDITURE 
AMOUNT 
(Note 2) 
METHOD 
OF 
PAYMEN
T  
WHEN DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS TO 
BE MADE Low High 
Affiliation Fee (Note 3) $450 per room ($45,000 
minimum for new 
franchises) 
Lump sum Upon 
application 
Us 
Property Improvements 
(Note 4)  
$105,000 $761,250  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your general 
contractor, 
suppliers or 
Qualified Vendor 
Insurance (Note 5) $2,500 $87,500 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your insurance 
carriers 
Advertising $2,500 $40,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Various advertising 
media 
Opening Inventories of 
Supplies (Note 6) 
$25,500  
 
$147,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers or 
Qualified Vendor 
Orientation and Hospitality 
Training Fees (Note 7) 
$1,395 $3,345 As incurred Before 
opening 
Us 
Mandatory On-Premise 
Signs (including freight and 
installation but excluding 
maintenance and insurance) 
$20,000  
 
$100,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Qualified Vendor 
Working Capital Required 
Before Operations Begin 
(Note 8) 
$15,000 $40,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Us, your suppliers, 
your employees, 
utilities, consultants 
Hardware required to 
operate choice 
ADVANTAGE® 
property management 
system 
$3,800 $10,800 Lump sum Before 
opening 
Us, as a part of our 
Brand in a Box 
program.  See also 
Item 5. 
choiceADVANTAGE® 
Software License and 
Systems Onboarding (Note 
9) 
$5,250 $7,250 Lump sum Before 
opening 
Us, as a part of our 
Brand in a Box 
program.  See also 
Item 5. 
Permits, Licenses and 
Government Fees 
 
varies 
 
varies 
 
As incurred 
 
Before 
opening 
 
Your general 
contractor 
(varies by local 
jurisdiction) 
 
Professional Design Services 
(Note 10) 
 
$15,000  
 
$100,000  
 
As incurred 
 
Before 
opening 
 
Your Architect, 
Interior Design & 
Engineering 
consultants 
 
Interior Design Waiver Fee 
(Note 11) 
$0 $20,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Us 
Professional Pre-Opening 
Photography 
$1,500  
 
$4,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Qualified Vendor 

42 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TYPE OF EXPENDITURE 
AMOUNT 
(Note 2) 
METHOD 
OF 
PAYMEN
T  
WHEN DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS TO 
BE MADE Low High 
Additional Funds for 3-
Month Initial Period (Note 
12) 
$25,000 $50,000 Monthly 
payment 
for 
recurring 
fees; as 
incurred for 
other 
expenses 
After opening Us, your suppliers, 
your employees, 
utilities 
TOTAL ESTIMATED 
INITIAL INVESTMENT 
(Note 13) 
$267,445  
 
$1,416,145  
 
   
TOTAL COST PER ROOM 
(Based on 70 Rooms) $3,821  
 
$20,231  
 
   
 
Note 1:  This table is an estimate of the initial investment required to convert an existing 
hotel and the estimate provided is based on our experience and our brand standards.  Estimates are based 
on a 70-guestroom hotel.  The cost of renovating each hotel has the potential to vary greatly and will depend 
on factors unique to your situation and your hotel, including the location of the hotel, the condition of the 
hotel and any upgrades necessary to bring the hotel up to our standards.  We do not generally offer new 
construction franchise opportunities for PARK INN hotels.    
Note 2:   Costs paid to Choice are not refundable, unless otherwise stated.  Whether any 
costs paid to third parties are refundable will vary based on the particular third party and on where your 
hotel is located. 
Note 3:  The full affiliation fee is due no later than the time you sign the franchise 
agreement and is non-refundable following our signing of the franchise agreement.  If for any reason we 
do not grant you a franchise or a franchise agreement is not countersigned by us, the affiliation fee, less 
$5,000, will be refunded to you.   
Note 4:  Renovation costs vary considerably and the estimate provided is based on a typical 
property improvement plan provided by us that the hotel must complete to upgrade to our standards.  The 
costs provided includes an estimate for furniture, fixtures and equipment that must be refurbished, replaced, 
or removed; however the costs provided do not include deferred maintenance items such as the Hotel 
parking lot, HVAC, or exterior, and the costs provided also do not include required labor cost for these 
improvements.  Upon application, we will provide you a customized property improvement plan unique to 
your hotel.  Your costs to upgrade the hotel to our standards may depend on local contractor and material 
costs in your area as well as the condition of your hotel at the time you apply for a franchise and may fall 
outside the estimated range provided. 
Note 5:  These policies cover construction, General Liability, Cyber Liability, and Workers 
Compensation, including Statutory Workers Compensation and Employers Liability insurance, and must 
provide minimum limits per location of coverage as stated in the franchise agreement. 
Note 6:  Opening inventory of supplies includes brand standards items, linen, paper 
supplies and housekeeping supplies that meet our system requirements.  
Note 7:  Orientation and Hospitality operations training includes the cost to attend Choice 

43 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
Onboard orientation training and HOST training.  Our Choice Onboard training fee is $1,950 and covers 3 
days of orientation training provided monthly at one of our Choice corporate locations in North Bethesda, 
Maryland or Scottsdale, Arizona.  The costs do not include the cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend 
the required training programs.  Our HOST training fee is $1,395 and covers  an operator certification 
program that is offered virtually, consisting of self-paced online lessons, live interactive virtual workshops, 
and exams.  The costs do not include the cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend the required training 
programs.  Some or all of the training may not be required if you have previously owned a Choice branded 
hotel or have obtained a Choice training certification for another existing hotel.  
Note 8:  We estimate that you will need this amount in working capital before the Hotel 
opens.  The actual amount of working capital you will need depends on a variety of factors, such as the 
number of paid employees you hire and their rate of pay, your ow n management and operational skills, 
economic conditions, and competition.   
Note 9:  choiceADVANTAGE
® software license and onboarding fees include the costs of 
the initial software license, eLearning modules, project management, and the credit card interface.  Your 
costs may fall on the higher end of this range depending on the number of rooms, additional interfaces and 
integrations you select.  The fees do not include the monthly choiceADVANTAGE ® support fee to cover 
ongoing remote software support. If you elect to use the optional Brand Activation program you must sign 
a promissory note that is substantially similar to our then -current promissory note (see Exhibit H ) in 
connection with this fee before the hotel opens. Note payment is generally due in twelve (12) monthly 
installment payments after the note is signed. See Item 5. 
Note 10: Professional Design Services includes costs that paid to your architect, engineer, 
and other related professionals for the development of your Hotel, which must follow the prototype 
architectural drawings and specifications supplied by us. You must submit all drawings and specifications 
to us, and we must approve of these drawings prior to your submission to local jurisdictions. You must 
commission an architect and engineer directly and make payments directly to them. 
Note 11: If you request a waiver from using a pre -approved interior design scheme or 
Qualified Vendor, you must pay our then-current fee, regardless of whether the waiver is granted. 
Note 12: We based these estimates on our experience with hotel franchises, discussions with 
hotel businesspeople and recent trends in pricing from other relevant companies. 
Note 13: The total investment above assumes the hotel is currently open and operating at 
the time you apply for a franchise and has real estate, furniture, fixtures, and equipment (“FF&E”), hotel 
staff, current marketing and advertising programs, and other standa rds to operate a hotel. If your current 
FF&E do not meet our standards, we estimate that the cost needed to meet our standards will range between 
$5,000 and $7,000 per room.  In addition, your total investment may be higher if you are required to 
participate in our Re -Licensing Systems Training.  This program is not required for all owners.  The Re -
Licensing Systems Training fee is $995 and is payable only when a franchised hotel has changed ownership 
and the new owner signs a franchise agreement wit h us.  The Re -Licensing Systems Training fee covers 
the cost of 2- days of remote training concerning our proprietary choiceADVANTAGE property 
management and reservation system. 
 
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
 
All PARK hotels are required to meet the current minimum design standards for the brand, 

44 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
including Choice-approved product in the public space, guestrooms, and exterior, if applicable.  You must 
design the hotel to meet the current minimum standards for guest room size and facilities and equip the 
hotel with furniture, fixtures and equipment, bath and bed linens, draperies, bedcoverings, floor coverings, 
wall coverings, lighting, ice machines, telephone systems and other amenities for which we have established 
written specifications or minimum standards.  We may modify our specifications in writing as we determine 
appropriate from time to time and may add new specifications or brand guidelines, in writing, including 
any manuals or policies regarding, among other things, our standards and requirements for construction, 
equipment, furnishings, supplies, maintenance and marketing that are applicable to PARK hotels (“Rules 
and Regulations”). 
Our Procurement Services Department maintains a list of “Qualified Vendors” of products and 
services for our franchisees.  Certain Qualified Vendors are designated in the Rules and Regulations as an 
exclusive supplier or as an approved non- excusive preferred vendor .  Unless required by the Rules and 
Regulations, you do not have to purchase products that otherwise meet brand standards from Qualified 
Vendors.  You do have to purchase certain Choice Mark- bearing items, such as signs and bath amenities, 
only fr om Qualified Vendors. You must also purchase bedding, computer hardware, and other brand 
standard items per brand specifications through a Qualified Vendor.  Neither Choice nor any persons 
affiliated with Choice are currently Qualified Vendors.  
Vendors that are not on the Qualified Vendor list may apply to become “Qualified,” and you may 
recommend new vendors to us.  Among the criteria that we consider is the financial stability of the company, 
whether the product or service meets brand standards  and if the product or service is of use to our 
franchisees.  Our criteria are available to you for review upon your request. Where applicable, the vendor 
may be asked to submit product samples and specifications to us. We usually make our decision and notify 
the vendor within 90 days after all information and samples have been submitted, although a longer period 
may be required for products or services that, due to their cost or importance to the brand, may have 
significant financial impact on our franchisees.  We may limit the number of Qualified Vendors for a variety 
of reasons, including: obtaining volume discounts, promoting consistent quality, and/or securing adequate 
supplies for a particular brand.  We may revoke a vendor’s “Qualified” status if the vendor no longer meets 
our criteria, if they breach their agreement with us,  or if the product or service offered is no longer 
competitive in price or quality, among other reasons.   
None of our officers own a  material interest in any privately-held suppliers, or a material interest 
in any publicly- held suppliers of our franchise system.  From time to time, our officers may own non-
material interests in publicly-held companies that are suppliers to our franchise system. 
We receive certain commissions or rebates from Qualified Vendors that typically range from 1% 
to 2% (but may be up to 20%) of net sales volume to franchisees, as well as a flat fee that we typically 
receive annually from each Qualified Vendor. In exchange for these fees, we may provide each vendor with 
certain services, which may include one or more of the following: marketing services from our Procurement 
Managers and/or marketing personnel, space on our ChoiceBuys.com website, a booth at our annual 
convention, advertisements in our print and electronic publications ( e.g. Marketplace and Single Vendor 
Emails) and sponsorship opportunities, among other benefits.  We do not provide franchisees with any 
material benefits, such as opportunities to acquire additional franchises, based on their purchases of 
particular products or services from Qualified Vendors or use of particular Qualified Vendors.  
You must display at your hotel entrance the number and type of identity signs required by the Rules 
and Regulations.  Such signs must display the approved brand name and logo of your hotel.  Signs are 
available from manufacturers who must be approved by us and who must comply with brand specifications. 
Each sign manufacturer must meet certain business, financial and insurance requirements.  We derive 
income from appointment fees, limited trademark licenses, drawing charges and commissions on signs sold 

45 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
that are purchased through signage Qualified Vendors. All highway billboards and printed advertising, 
among other electronic or printed media, must use the Choice Marks in accordance with our specifications.   
We also periodically negotiate preferred marketing agreements with corporations and other 
organizations for joint marketing efforts, which may result in commissionable stays at your hotel.  If you 
make inventory available to these organizations, we may retain up to 50% of any commissions payable by 
you in consideration of our marketing services and program administration costs. 
As described in Item 7, you must obtain and maintain insurance which will include, at a minimum, 
insurance policies of the kinds, and in the amounts, required by us (Franchise Agreement, Section 12).  
These written insurance policies include, at a minimum, the following coverage during construction or 
complete renovation of the hotel: commercial gener al liability insurance (including automobile liability, 
bodily injury and property damage) for all types of liabilities, together with the costs of defense and/or 
adjustments arising out of the operations to construct the hotel, providing limits of coverage of not less than 
$1,000,000 per occurrence, and including coverage for contractual liability, explosion, collapse and 
underground property damage hazard liability, personal injury liability, products and completed operations 
liability, owner’s and contra ctor’s protective liability, and independent contractor’s liability; all- risk 
builder’s insurance to insure the hotel buildings under construction to 100% of their replacement cost value; 
and a workers’ compensation policy as required by statute.  During t he operation of the hotel, required 
insurance policies include, at a minimum: all -risk physical damage coverage insuring the hotel and its 
contents for full replacement costs; commercial automobile  (including hired and non-owned automobile) 
and commercial general liability insurance policies written on an occurrence form, which must include 
contractual, products and completed operations, independent contractors, personal injury, property damage, 
bodily injury and host liquor liability coverage, together with the costs and expenses of the defense and/or 
adjustment of injury or damage, providing limits of coverage, per location, of not less than $5,000,000 
($10,000,000 to $15,000,000 if the hotel has 6 or more stories) per occurrence; cyber liability insurance  
coverage that provides minimum coverage of $1,000,000 per location; workers’ compensation and 
employers’ liability insurance with minimum employers liability limits of $1,000,000 bodily injury by 
accident (each accident); $1,000,000 bodily injury by disease (policy limit); and $1,000,000 bodily injury 
by disease (each employee), whether or not required by the state where the hotel is located; dram shop/liquor 
liability insurance with limits of not less than $5,000,000 per occurrence if alcoholic beverages are sold at 
the hotel (whether or not you own the establishment that sells alcohol); pollution/environmental legal 
liability insurance $500,000 per pollution incident/$1,000,000 aggregate, covering bodily injury, property 
damage, cleanup costs and defense costs arising from, or associated with, a pollution condition at a covered 
location.  There will be no exclusion for carbon monoxide, and affirmative coverage for Legionella and 
microbial matter/mold; employment practices liability insurance $1,000,000 limit, including $1,000,000 
third party coverage; and business interruption insurance that provides coverage for a minimum of three (3) 
months in the event the hotel is not operational. 
You must also obtain and attach endorsement s to your insurance policies adding us and our 
affiliates and subsidiaries, our and their respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees, as 
additional insureds and provide waiver of subrogation  on commercial automobile, commercial general, 
workers’ compensation/employers’ liability (if allowed), pollution liability, umbrella insurance policies and 
dram shop/liquor liability (if applicable), and adding us as co- defendant under the employment practices 
liability policies .  If you fail to procure or maintain the minimum insurance described above (or as 
designated by us from time to time in the brand standards), we may procure the insurance on your behalf 
and charge you the cost of the insurance and, at our option, a reasonable penalty.  You will be required to 
reimburse us for the cost of such insurance and for any reasonable out-of-pocket costs that we incur should 
we elect to obtain the insurance on your behalf. 
You must purchase from us a software license to onboard and use choiceADVANTAGE®.  You 

46 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
also must purchase the mandatory hardware package we specify that meets or exceeds specifications needed 
to operate choiceADVANTAGE®.  You are required to use a designated Qualified Vendor to purchase and 
install a dedicated, wired, business grade High Speed Internet Access solution located at the front desk for 
access to choiceADVANTAGE® (see Items 5, 7 & 11 for more details).   
Unless mandated by the brand standards contained in the then- current version of the Rules and 
Regulations, you do not have to participate in any purchasing or distribution cooperative we maintain.  
However, the Choice Partner Services Department attempts to negotiate price terms believed to beneficial 
from its Qualified Vendors for franchisees, and we may from time to time offer cooperative buying 
programs to provide additional savings.  In addition, you will automatically become a member of a 
cooperative buying program at no additional cost to you. You may opt out of being a member of such 
program at any time by completing and sending us the opt out electronic form located within the FAQs on 
Choicebuys.com.  Most product and services offerings are accessible via ChoiceBuys.com, a proprietary 
web-based electronic catalogue.  
In the year ended December 31, 2024, our total revenues were about $1,584.8 million.  Of this 
figure, revenues attributable to required purchases by franchisees of products and services were $67.7  
million, or about 4.27% of our total revenues in 2024, which includes revenues from Qualified Vendors 
and excludes choiceADVANTAGE® installation and support fees.     
We estimate the cost for items that must be purchased from Qualified Vendors or subject to our 
standards or specifications to be less than 10% of your initial investment in a conversion hotel.  Your annual 
expenditures on these items may range between 10-15% of your annual purchases.  
 
ITEM
  9 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
 
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements.  It will 
help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other 
Items of this Disclosure Document.  
 
OBLIGATION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT 
SECTION IN 
choiceADVANTAGE 
TERMS OF USE 
SECTION IN CALL 
FORWARDING 
PROGRAM 
TERMS OF USE 
DISCLOSURE 
DOCUMENT 
ITEM 
(a) Site selection & 
acquisition/lease 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 
(b) Pre-opening 
purchases/leases 
Sections 6(b), (e), 
(f) & (g), (s)(3) & 
(8)  
Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 5, 7, 8 & 
11 
(c) Site development & 
other pre-opening 
requirements 
Section 6 Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 5, 7, 8 & 
11 
(d) Initial & ongoing 
training 
Section 6(e) Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 5, 6, 7 & 
11 
(e) Opening Sections 1(f) & 
6(s) 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Item 11 

47 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
OBLIGATION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT 
SECTION IN 
choiceADVANTAGE 
TERMS OF USE 
SECTION IN CALL 
FORWARDING 
PROGRAM 
TERMS OF USE 
DISCLOSURE 
DOCUMENT 
ITEM 
(f) Fees Sections 4, 6(e), 
(f), (g), (k), (n) & 
(r), (s) 8, 9(b), (c), 
10(c), (d), 12 & 
16 
Not Applicable Section 3 Items 5, 6, 11 & 
17  
(g) Compliance with 
Standards & 
Policies/Operating 
Manual 
Sections 1(k), 
5(a) & (b), 6 & 10  
Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 8 & 11 
(h) Trademarks & 
proprietary information 
Sections 1(i) & 
(j), 6(s)(1) & 7  
COPYRIGHTS & 
TRADEMARKS 
Section 8 Items 13 & 14 
(i) Restrictions on 
products/services 
offered 
Section 6(b), (c) 
& (d) 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 8 & 16 
(j) Warranty & 
customer service 
requirements 
Sections 6(l) & 
(q) 
WARRANTIES  Section 6 Not Applicable 
(k) Territorial 
development and sales 
quotas 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 
(l) Ongoing 
product/service 
purchases 
Sections 6(b), (c), 
(e), (f), (g) & (o) 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Item 8 
(m) Maintenance, 
appearance and 
remodeling 
requirements 
Sections 6(a), (b), 
(c), (d), (f), (o) & 
(p), 7(c) & 8  
Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 6, 8 & 11 
(n) Insurance Section 12 Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 6, 7 & 8 
(o) Advertising Section 6(s)(4) Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 6, 8 & 11 
(p) Indemnification Section 13 INDEMNIFICATION Section 7 NONE 
(q) Owner’s 
Participation/ 
Management/Staffing 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Item 15 
(r) Records and Reports  Sections 4(c), (d) 
& (e), 6(r)(4), 
10(b)(2)(e) & 
12(e) 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Item 6 
(s) Inspections and 
Audits 
Sections 4(e) & 
(f), 5(b), 6(h) & 
(s)(2) 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 6 & 11 
(t) Transfer Section 9 SOFTWARE USE 
AND SITE ACCESS; 
GENERAL 
Section 10 Items 6 & 17 
(u) Renewal Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Item 17 
(v) Post-termination 
obligations 
Section 11 Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 6 &17 
(w) Non-competition 
covenants 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 

48 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
OBLIGATION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT 
SECTION IN 
choiceADVANTAGE 
TERMS OF USE 
SECTION IN CALL 
FORWARDING 
PROGRAM 
TERMS OF USE 
DISCLOSURE 
DOCUMENT 
ITEM 
(x) Dispute resolution Sections 16, 21, 
22, 23, & 24 
GOVERNING LAW Section 9 Item 17 
   
 
 
ITEM 10 
FINANCING 
 
AFFILIATION FEE PROMISSORY NOTE 
In our sole discretion and on approval of your credit, we may offer to finance the affiliation fee 
without interest.  In that event, you must sign a promissory note (see Exhibit G ).  Note payment is due in 
one full lump sum generally within three months after the note is signed.  The note may be accelerated upon 
default and provides for a waiver of presentment, demand for payment, notice of dishonor, protest, and 
includes a confession of judgment clause.  If the principal amount of the note, or any portion of the amount, 
is not paid on or before the maturity date, the note will bear interest from the date on which the funds are 
due until paid at a default annual rate equal to eighteen percent (18%). In the event of default, you must pay 
all of our costs of suit and reasonable attorney’s fees.  The note contains no pre -payment penalty.  The 
owners of the franchise entity may be required to sign the note personally. 
SELECTED CAPITAL SUPPORT 
 Except as otherwise described in this Item 10, in certain instances, we may provide select capital 
support to help offset the costs associated with developing a hotel within the Choice franchise system. In 
our sole and absolute discretion, we may provide capital support for franchisees that develop a property 
with strategic importance to Choice.  We do not offer capital support in every instance, and we may freely 
choose not to offer capital support to you.  The terms of such capital support will vary and will always be 
determined in our sole and absolute discretion after your application has been submitted to us and we have 
approved your eligibility to own a hotel franchise.  In the event you have been offered and agreed to accept 
capital support, you will be bound, in all ways, to the contracts, documents, and agreements related to and 
controlling the administration of that capital support. 
Specifically, the principal amount of the financing will depend upon the franchisee’s 
creditworthiness and various other factors.  The franchisee will sign a promissory note evidencing the loan. 
The form of promissory note is attached at Exhibit H .A (the “Capital Support Note”).   Generally, 
forgiveness of the Capital Support Note will be amortized over a period of 10 to 20 years (beginning on the 
Opening Date of your hotel) using a straight -line method, so that the Capital Support Note will be 
completely forgiven if you do not commit certain defaults under the Capital Support Note beginning upon 
signing of the franchise agreement and ending 10 to 20 years after the Opening Date.   Your individual 
owners will be required to sign the Capital Support Note, in addition to franchisee.  We will fund the loan 
shortly after the Hotel opens and we receive the signed Capital Support Note from the franchisee.  In limited 
circumstances, you may be eligible for additional loan amounts based on your Hotel’s performance.   We 
will not charge you interest unless you default under the Capital Support Note (Section 5).  If you default, 
all amounts outstanding will bear interest at prime plus two percent.   The maximum interest rate in 
California is 10% annually. The loan amount will be payable in equal yearly installments over the term of 
the Franchise Agreement.  However, each yearly payment will be deemed paid so long as no default has 
occurred under the Capital Support Note (Section 4).  Defaults under the Capital Support Note include the 

49 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
termination of the Franchise Agreement, an uncured default by franchisee under the Franchise Agreement, 
a transfer as defined in the Franchise Agreement and a breach of any provision of the Note or any document 
executed in connection with the Capital Support Note (Section 5).  Following a default under the Note, we 
may declare the entire outstanding amount under the Capital Support Note plus all accrued interest 
immediately due and payable (Section 5.2).   Franchisee must also pay all of our costs and attorneys’ fees 
incurred in collecting the Capital Support Note (Section 5.4).  Default under the Capital Support Note will 
constitute a default under the Franchise Agreement (Section 5.1).  Based upon your creditworthiness, we 
may not require that you provide us security for repayment of the loan.   
 
The terms of the guaranty signed in connection with the Franchise Agreement will also extend to 
the repayment obligations under the Capital Support Note.  The loan can be prepaid at any time and there 
are no prepayment penalties.  Franchisee waives various rights under the Capital Support Note including 
presentment, demand, and all other notices and demands (Capital Support Note – Section 5.6).    
 
In addition, if you sign our Capital Support Note, you and we must agree to waive our right to 
terminate the franchise agreement, without cause, for the applicable 10
th and 15 th anniversaries of the 
Opening Date as provided in Section 3 of the Franchise Agreement.   
 
INCENTIVE PROGRAM  
We are committed to expanding access to hotel ownership opportunities, including for 
underrepresented entrepreneurs, and  participate in the International Franchise Association’s Veteran’s 
Transition Franchise Initiative (known as VetFran®).  We are currently offering a Incentive program to 
encourage and broaden access to our franchise system and the hospitality industry as well as to encourage 
entrepreneurs who have served in the United States military and been honorably discharged from service 
(“Incentive”).  The Incentive Program is intended to attract top hotel developers from diverse backgrounds 
and involves our commitment of capital to incentivize qualifying franchisees to develop either a newly 
constructed Choice -branded hotel or convert an existing hotel to a Choice -branded hotel.  Qualifying 
franchisees who enter into franchise agreements to re-license Choice branded hotels that are currently part 
of the Choice franchise system are not eligible to receive a Incentive ; however, these franchisees will b e 
given a 50% discount on the then- current affiliation fee due in connection with the re -licensed franchise 
agreement (see below).  
Qualifications 
To qualify for the Incentive Program, you must meet all of the following conditions:  you must 
make a good faith request for the Incentive at the time of application; you must meet our then -current 
qualifications for new franchisees (including our standard credit review); you must be a majority owner 
that is actively engaged in the deal process; if you are an individual, you must identify to us the 
characteristics and background that will contribute to broadening access to our franchise system and the 
hospitality industry or if you are veteran you must demonstrate that you have served in the United States 
military and have been honorably discharged from service; or if you are a legal entity, you must be at least 
51% legally and beneficially owned by persons that can demonstrate to us characteristics and background 
that will contribute to broadening access to our franchise system and the hospitality industry or meet the 
requirements of a veteran stated above.  We will have sole discretion in determining whether you qualify 
for the Incentive Program. The Incentive Program may not be combined with any other incentive program 
that we may be offering at the time of your application and we may discontinue this Incentive Program at 
any time. 
Incentive 

50 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
Each Incentive for a hotel using the PARK Marks listed will be $1,500 per room in the hotel (with 
a maximum of $150,000). Each Incentive will be evidenced by a 10-year forgivable promissory note (see 
Exhibit H.B) (the “Note”).  We will pay the proceeds of the Note  to you only after the Opening Date of 
your hotel.  You may use the proceeds of the Note for any purpose related to the hotel.  We do not require 
collateral for this Note , but may require you and/ or the owners of a franchise entity to sign personally.  
Forgiveness of the Note  will be amortized over 10 years (beginning on the Opening Date of your hotel) 
using a straight-line method, such that the Note will be completely forgiven if you do not commit certain 
defaults under the Note beginning upon signing of the franchise agreement and ending 10 years after the 
Opening Date.  The Note is structured to provide for one payment at the end of 10 years; however, you do 
not have to make payments on the Note if you remain in good standing under your franchise agreement.  If 
you default in the obligations of your franchise agreement, your franchise agreement is terminated or 
expires, you die or you file for bankruptcy, then the entire remaining unforgiven principal balance is 
immediately due along with interest (accruing on the remaining unforgiven balance only) from the original 
date of the Note  at an interest rate of prime plus 2%.  The maximum interest rate in California is 10% 
annually. Under the Note, you must waive demand, presentment for payment, protest, notice of dishonor 
and your right to a jury trial.  On your default, you also must pay all reasonable expenses, costs and 
attorneys’ fees that we incur in collecting the Note.  The Note contains no pre-payment penalty. 
If you qualify for a n Incentive, you may request amortization over 5 years instead (beginning on 
the Opening Date of your hotel) using a straight-line method, such that the Note will be completely forgiven 
if you do not commit certain defaults under your franchise agreement upon signing of the franchise 
agreement and ending 5 years after the Opening Date.  If you request a 5 year Note , the incentive will be 
50% of the amount of the 10 year Note, and will be limited to a maximum of $75,000.  Each incentive will 
be evidenced by a 5 year Note in the same form attached as Exhibit H.B.  The Note is structured to provide 
for one payment at the end of 5 years; however, you do not have to make payments on the Note  if you 
remain in good standing under your franchise agreement.  If you default in the obligations of your franchise 
agreement, your franchise agreement is terminated or expires, you die or you file for bankruptcy, then the 
entire remaining unforgiven principal balance is immediately due along with interest (accruing on the 
remaining unforgiven balance only) from the original date of the Note at an interest rate of prime plus 2%.  
If the Default Payment Amount (as defined in Exhibit H.B) has not been paid in full fifteen (15) days after 
the date such amount became due and payable, interest will begin to accrue at a default annual rate equal 
to Prime plus seven percent (prime plus 7%). The maximum interest rate in California is 10% annually. 
Under the Note, you must waive demand, presentment for payment, protest, notice of dishonor and your 
right to a jury trial.  On your default, you also must pay all reasonable expenses, costs and attorneys’ fees 
that we incur in collecting the Note.  The Note contains no pre-payment penalty. 
Termination Rights 
In addition, unless you have signed a 5 year promissory note, you and we must agree to waive our 
right to terminate the franchise agreement, without cause, on the 5th anniversary of the Opening Date. 
RE-LICENSING INCENTIVE  
If you: (1) qualify for the Incentive Program; and (2) purchase a hotel that is a PARK branded hotel 
operating as part of the Choice franchise system at the time of purchase; and (3) enter into a franchise 
agreement with Choice to re-license the hotel as a PARK branded hotel, you will be granted a 50% discount 
on the then-current affiliation fee due in connection with your franchise agreement.  Franchisees that enter 
into franchise agreements with Choice for the re- licensing of an existing Choice brand hotel and qualify 
and accept the Incentive are not eligible to participate in any other incentive program. 
PMC COMMERCIAL TRUST 

51 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
We have entered into a non-exclusive Qualified Vendor agreement with a third party named PMC 
Commercial Trust (previously known as PMC Capital, Inc.) (“PMC”), which is a company authorized to 
provide loans. Under this agreement, PMC may offer conventional and Small Business Administration 
(“SBA”) financing to those of our franchisees that qualify and choose to use PMC to finance some of the 
following costs: affiliation fee, site acquisition, construction or remodeling, equipment and/or fixtures, 
opening inventory or supplies, ongoing inventory or supplies, replacement of equipment or fixtures, and 
other continuing expenses. These loans are generally for up to 70% to 85% of the value of the collateral 
and range from $500,000 to $5,000,000 for acquisitions, refinances and construction/permanent loans. 
Interest rates are generally variable and are at PMC’s discretion.  You are not required to use PMC 
as your lender. If you choose to use PMC as your lender, you must enter into agreements with PMC, 
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit I or as PMC may otherwise require depending on your specific 
loan.  The loan will be for up to 25 years and will require monthly payments, with the amount of the 
payments based on the terms agreed upon. You must grant a first lien on land and building, a fir st lien on 
furniture, fixtures and equipment and, if necessary, a lien on your personal assets. PMC will require that 
you personally guarantee the loan. The loans can be pre-paid but there may be a pre-payment penalty. 
If you default on the note, the entire remaining principal balance becomes due and the lender may 
have the right to take possession of the collateral and/or sell or lease the collateral.  You must waive your 
rights to presentment for payment, demand, protest, notice of non-payment or dishonor, notices of protest 
and all other demands or notices. On default, the note will bear interest at the maximum rate permitted by 
applicable law.  You must also pay PMC all the costs of collection or costs of exercising i ts remedies, 
including attorneys’ fees. You must waive your right to object to jurisdiction in the courts of Dallas, Texas 
as the venue for the resolution of disputes and must waive your right to a trial by jury. See the sample 
documents in Exhibit I for PMC’s additional rights and remedies.  
In consideration of Choice’s agreement to grant PMC access to our marketing channels, Choice 
will receive from PMC a flat payment of $10,000 annually. 
BALBOA CAPITAL CORPORATION 
We have entered into a non-exclusive Qualified Vendor agreement with a third party named Balboa 
Capital Corporation (“Balboa”), which is a company authorized to provide loans. Under this agreement, 
Balboa may offer conventional and lease financing to those of our franchisees that qualify and choose to 
use Balboa to finance some of the following costs: affiliation fee, costs to meet brand standards, property 
improvement or remodeling, equipment and/or  fixtures, replacement of equipment or fixtures, and other  
continuing expenses. These loans are generally available for up to 100% of the value of the collateral and 
generally range from $5,000 to $1,000,000. 
Interest rates are fixed and are determined at Balboa’s discretion in accordance with its standard 
underwriting practices.  You are not required to use Balboa as your lender.  If you choose to use Balboa as 
your lender, you must enter into one or more agreements with Balboa, substantially in the form attached as 
Exhibit I or as Balboa may otherwise require depending on your specific financing agreement.   The 
financing agreement will be for between 24 to 84 months and will require monthly or quarterly installment 
payments, with the amount of the payments based on the terms agreed upon. You must grant a first lien on 
the financed equipment and, if applicable, a security interest and lien on the land or building.  Balboa may 
require that you personally guarantee the financing agreement.  The financing agreement can be pre- paid 
and there is no pre-payment penalty. 
If you default on the financing agreement, the entire remaining balance becomes due and Balboa 
may have the right to take possession of the collateral and/or sell or lease the collateral.   You must waive 

52 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
your rights to presentment for payment, demand, protest, notice of non- payment or dishonor , notices of 
protest and all other demands or notices. On default, the loan will bear interest at the rate set forth in the 
loan agreement.  You must also pay Balboa all the costs of collection or costs of exercising its remedies, 
including attorneys’ fees.  You must waive your right to object to jurisdiction in the courts of California as 
the venue for the resolution of disputes and must waive your right to a trial by jury. See the sample 
documents in Exhibit I for Balboa’s additional rights and remedies. 
In consideration of Choice’s agreement to grant Balboa access to our marketing channels, Choice 
will receive from Balboa a flat payment of $15,000 annually. 
ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC 
We have entered into a non -exclusive Qualified Vendor agreement with a third party named 
Ascentium Capital LLC, which is a company authorized to provide loans. Under this agreement, 
ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC may offer conventional and lease financing to those of our franchisees that 
qualify and choose to use ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC to finance some of the following costs: affiliation 
fee, costs to meet brand standards, property improvement or remodeling, equipment and/or fixtures, 
replacement of equipment or fixtures, and other continuing expenses. These loans are generally available 
for up to 100% of the value of the collateral and range from $5,000 to $500,000. 
Interest rates are fixed and are determined at ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC’s discretion in 
accordance with its standard underwriting practices.  You are not required to use ASCENTIUM CAPITAL 
LLC as your lender.   If you choose to use ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC as your  lender, you must enter 
into one or more agreements with ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC, substantially in the form attached as 
Exhibit I or as ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC may otherwise require depending on your specific loan.  The 
loan will be for between 12 to 72 months and will require monthly payments, with the amount of the 
payments based on the terms agreed upon. You must grant a first lien on the financed equipment and, if 
applicable, a security interest and lien on the land or building.  ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC may require 
that you personally guarantee the loan.  The loans can be pre -paid with Ascentium Capital LLC’s prior 
written consent and there is no pre-payment penalty.   
If you default on the loan, the entire remaining balance becomes due and ASCENTIUM CAPITAL 
LLC may have the right to take possession of the collateral and/or sell or lease the collateral.   You must 
waive your rights to presentment for payment, demand, protest, notice of non-payment or dishonor, notices 
of protest and all other demands or notices. On default, the loan will bear interest at the rate set forth in the 
loan agreement.  You must also pay ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC all the costs of collection or costs of 
exercising its remedies, including attorneys’ fees.  You must waive your right to object to jurisdiction in 
the courts of California as the venue for the resolution of disputes and must waive your right to a trial by 
jury. See the sample documents in Ex hibit I for ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC’s additional rights and 
remedies.  
In consideration of Choice’s agreement to grant ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC access to our 
marketing channels, Choice will receive from ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC a flat payment of $15,000 
annually. 
*     *     *    
We have not sold, assigned or discounted our commercial paper to anyone, nor do we intend to 
(although we are permitted to do so). 
 

53 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
ITEM 11 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance. 
 
PRE-OPENING OBLIGATIONS.   Before you open your hotel in the Choice franchise system, we will 
provide certain assistance, including: 
SITE SELECTION 
We must approve the site you select.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(r).)  Within 9 months after 
signing a franchise agreement with us, you must submit to us by or before that deadline, a site plan or other 
evidence of site control that is acceptable to us. We will accept a fully executed purchase and sale agreement 
or deed of trust or, if the hotel is to be leased, an executed lease agreement that shows you have possession 
of the hotel for the entire term stated in the franchise agreement.   
We consider a number of factors, including the location, market and revenue potential as factors 
for approval.  Our approval of your site does not assure that your business will be successful.  Choice’s 
Franchise Committee will review your application within 30 days of submission.  If a site cannot be agreed 
upon and we reject your application, your affiliation fee will be refunded, less $5,000 and any pre -
application property improvement plan fees that you may have paid and no franchise agreement will be 
signed.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 4(a).)  The “typical” length of time to construct and open a PARK 
hotel between the signing of a franchise agreement (including paying the affiliation fee) until the conversion 
of an existing hotel is between 18 and 24 months. This period may vary and largely depend on a number of 
factors, such as the ability to obtain financing; local zoning laws and ordinances; the ability to obtain 
building permits on a timely basis; weather conditions; or any delays associated with the installation of 
equipment, fixtures and signs.   For an existing hotel to be converted to a PARK hotel, the timetable varies 
depending upon your ability to obtain any necessary financing, the amount of renovation required to meet 
our specifications and the process and time periods required to obtain all the necessary permits, licenses 
and approvals from various government agencies (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(r)).  
CONSTRUCTION 
We may review and comment on whether your preliminary drawings, final working drawings and 
architectural designs for the hotel to satisfy the prototype design specifications.  Our approval of your 
designs does not assure that they are adequate (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(r)). 
At our discretion, we may provide additional consultation and services to assist you to construct, 
renovate, maintain, operate, and/or market the hotel on the same basis as provided to other hotels that are 
authorized to use our System under the Brand Mark; we reserve the right to charge you reasonable fees that 
we may establish in advance or on a project-by-project basis for such consultation and services.  (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 5(d).) 
You must submit your preliminary drawings for our approval at least 6 months before the 
Construction Start Deadline (the deadline by which you must start construction), and final working 
drawings and final architectural designs for the hotel for our approval at least 3 months before the 
Construction Start Deadline (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(r)).  If Construction Start does not commence 
within 30 days of your final architectural designs for the hotel, then you must resubmit final architectural 
designs for our approval for approval prior to Construction Start.  Our review of your architectural designs 
is for compliance with our brand standards only and does not assure that your business will be successful, 
that your designs are suitable for architectural or engineering purposes, or that your designs are in 

54 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
compliance with local, state, or federal laws.  It will be your responsibility to comply with all local, state, 
and national code requirements applicable to the construction of your hotel.  
You must begin construction of your hotel within 18 months after the date the parties enter into the 
franchise agreement, and, within 5 days after this Construction Start, notify us that Construction Start has 
occurred (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(r)(2)), continue construction of the hotel in accordance with the 
designs without interruption, until the hotel is ready for our inspection and complete construction of the 
hotel, including furnishing, equipping and preparing for opening, within 12 months of the Construction 
Start Deadline (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(r)(3)). 
You must undertake any remodeling, renovations, and modifications to existing improvements, 
necessary to modernize and conform your hotel to the Rules and Regulations or other requirements of our 
System as described in your franchise agreement. (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(o)). 
RULES & REGULATIONS 
Upon request, you may view the current Rules and Regulations at our proprietary intranet site, 
ChoiceConnect (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(a)).  Once you become a PARK franchisee you will have 
access to these Rules and Regulations without having to request them from us.  We may periodically revise, 
add to or update brand standards and other requirements by issuing revisions to the Rules and Regulations 
and other manuals  that we may publish.  As of the date of this disclosure document, the Rules and 
Regulations were a minimum of 115 pages in length.  The Table of Contents for our Rules and Regulations 
manual is attached as Exhibit J to this disclosure document.   
OPENING SERVICES SUPPORT 
Our Opening Services department will assist you to open your hotel in the Choice franchise system.  
(Franchise Agreement, Section 5.) We will assign an Onboarding Project Director and Opening Services 
Manager to monitor your project’s progress and to assist you to meet contractual milestones (for example 
architectural and/or property improvement plan reviews).  Your Onboarding Project Director will introduce 
you to Choice’s organizational support departments, enroll your hotel in appropriate marketing programs, 
and help coordinate training course attendance/resource utilization.  Finally, your Onboarding Project 
Director will help you to make sure that your hotel meets brand standards and that you have the knowledge 
and tools to assist you to successfully pass the hotel’s first Quality Assurance Review (QAR).  (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 5.) Once your hotel opens in the Choice franchise system, your Onboarding Project 
Director will arrange for a meeting with your assigned Area Director, who will be your ong oing liaison 
with Choice for most day- to-day questions related to our programs and policies.  You must ensure your 
hotel opens in accordance with your franchise agreement.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(s).) 
TRAINING 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
 
We will provide training, as described below (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(e)). You must 
comply with our training requirements by ensuring that you and the Hotel’s general manager(s) attend (at 
the times required by us) our then-current training programs, including our annual national convention for 
hotels authorized to use the System. 
 
 

55 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
CHOICE ONBOARD  
(Notes 1, 2, and 3) 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF ON 
THE JOB 
TRAINING LOCATION 
Choice History, Mission, 
and Culture 
2 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Choice Privileges Loyalty 
Program 
1 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Choice Resources 
(including Choice 
University, 
ChoiceCentral, 
choiceAdvantage 
4 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Legislative Advocacy 0.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Franchise Services and 
Support 
2.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Staff Retention Best 
Practices 
0.5 None 
 
North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
 
Owner Portfolio Strategy 
(including PIP 
management) 
1 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Performance Metrics 1.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Global Sales and 
SmartMarketing Tools 
1 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Distribution Channels & 
eCommerce, and the 
related tools  
1 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Guest Insight Reporting 
and Operations 
(Reputation Management) 
1.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Brand Identities, 
Standards and Culture 
(including Compliance 
and Awards) 
2.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Procurement 0.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Crisis Management 0.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
TOTAL 20 0  
 
Note 1:  This training is mandatory for all owners and General Managers of new hotels, 
conversions and transfers to new owners and must be completed to our satisfaction.  Some or all of the 
training may not be required if you have previously owned a Choice branded hotel and/or obtained Choice 
Hotels training certification for another existing hotel. Choice Onboard classes are held multiple times per 

56 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
year at our headquarters in North Bethesda, Maryland. 
Note 2:  Instructional materials for the Choice Onboard Orientation Program include 
handouts or electronic training materials and videos.  Choice Onboard is led by our Choice University 
Learning Professionals and Franchise Services Area Directors. Members of other Choice Hotels 
International teams, (including, but not limited to: Brand Strategy and Management, Choice Privileges, 
Global Sales, Owner Portfolio Strategy, Franchise Performance and Compliance, Procurement, Distribution 
and Revenue Management), provide expertise during the session. Experience of Choice Onboard instructors 
ranges from 10 years to 30 plus years   
Note 3:  Each owner must attend the Choice Onboard Orientation Program within 90 days 
of opening in the Choice franchise system. The cost of the training classes will not exceed $1,950 for the 
owner plus travel, lodging and meals while attending the 3- day Choice Onboard Orientation Program at 
our Choice corporate location in North Bethesda, Maryland. Instructional materials are included.  
Attendance at the Choice Onboard program is open to other members of your staff. The cost for any 
subsequent attendees is 50% of the tuition each at a cost not to exceed $975 each plus travel, lodging and 
meals while attending the program. Your Area Director may require your attendance at this Choice Onboard 
program, at any time, based on less than expected results at an open and operating hotel. 
Attendance at the Choice Onboard program is mandatory.  Failure to attend within the prescribed 
time frame may result in a formal default under your franchise agreement, and failure to cure the formal 
default could result in the termination of your franchise agreement. 
* * * 
You must have a certified General Manager at your hotel.  We will provide our Certified General 
Manager training under the HOST program, as described below:  
You must have at least one hotel staff member who is in a managerial role and is present on the 
hotel premises operations certified by attending the HOST program.  We will provide our operations 
certification training under the HOST program, as described below:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

57 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
HOSPITALITY OPERATIONS SUCCESS TRAINING (HOST)  
(Notes 1, 2 and 3) 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF ON THE 
JOB TRAINING LOCATION 
Self-Paced Online Modules, videos, and job 
aids covering:  
 
1) Brands, Brand/Corporate Programs 
2) Quality Assurance and Compliance 
3) Choice Systems and Resources 
4) Distribution and Reservations 
5) Reputation Management 
6) Driving Revenue  
7) Profitability 
8) Crisis/Emergency Management 
9) Lodging Legal Fundamentals 
10) Leadership 
12 None Any location with 
internet access 
Live Online Virtual Workshops and related 
activities covering: 
 
1) Local Sales 
2) Responding to Reviews 
3) Online Engagement 
4) Digital Presence 
5) Profitability 
6) Leadership  
7) Housekeeping Operations 
8) Maintenance Operations 
 
12 None Any location with 
internet access 
Online Exams covering: 
 
1) Hotel and Business Operations 
2) Systems and Distribution 
3) Sales, Revenue, and Profitability 
 
3 None Any location with 
internet access 
TOTAL 27 0  
 
Note 1:  It is mandatory that at least one hotel staff member who is in a managerial role and 
is present on the hotel premises has completed the HOST training.  The cost of the training class is $1,395.   
Note 2:  Instructional materials for the HOST training program include interactive online 
learning, videos, job aids, virtual workshops, activities, and online examinations.  Instructors for the 
program include Choice University Learning Professionals, and their experiences range from 10 to 30 plus 
years. 
Note 3:  At least one hotel staff member who is in a managerial role must become HOST 
certified within 90 days of opening or relicensing the hotel in the Choice franchise system, and at least one 
hotel staff member that has completed HOST training must be on the hotel premises.  As described in Item 
5, the HOST requirement is satisfied if a hotel staff member in a managerial role has previously completed 
HOST training. 
* * * 

58 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
In addition, we will provide training Sales Certification Program, as described below: 
 
SALES TRAINING PROGRAM (NOTES 1 AND 2) 
 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF 
ON THE 
JOB 
TRAINING LOCATION 
Foundations of Sales: Self-Paced Online 
Modules with topics to include: 
1) Hotel Buyers Process 
2) Guest Segmentation 
3) Research Tools 
4) The Booking Process 
5) Key Buying Criteria 
6) Market Segmentation and 
Tracking 
7) Front Desk Sales 
8) Responsive Sales 
2.5 None Any location with internet 
access or at an open and 
operating Choice branded 
hotel 
Advanced Sales: Self-Paced Online 
Modules with topics to include: 
 
1) Strategies for Selling Locally 
2) The Basics of Internet Prospecting 
3) Learning to Ask Qualifying 
Questions 
4) Conducting a Sales Blitz 
5) Competitive Assessment and 
SWOT Analysis 
6) The Cost of Not Selling: Sales 
Cost Opportunity Displacement 
7) Request for Proposals (RFP) 
8) Group Business 
9) Revenue Management Strategies 
for Group Business  
10) Corporate Group Segments 
11) Partnering with Global Sales to 
Drive Corporate Business 
12 None Any location with internet 
access or at an open and 
operating Choice branded 
hotel 
TOTAL 14.5 0  
 
Note 1:  The Sales curriculum is optional and is designed to help hoteliers sharpen their 
sales skills by building a knowledge foundation, then advanced skills, and live interaction and skill practice. 
The fee for advanced, immersive training will not exceed $500. 
 
Note 2:  Instructors for the Sales curriculum  includes Choice University Learning 
Professionals and Franchise Services Area Directors. Each instructor has a minimum of 10 years of hotel 
operations, sales, and training experience. All instructional materials are included in any training fee, 
including participant guides, case studies, and presentations. 
 
* * * 
In addition, we will provide Re-Licensed Hotel Training, as described below:  

59 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
RELICENSE HOTEL TRAINING 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF 
ON THE JOB 
TRAINING LOCATION 
The relicense training program entitles owners and 
General Managers a full year of  access to more than a 
dozen training videos, covering a variety of topics that 
are most critical to helping Relicense owners to help 
drive guest satisfaction, revenue, profitability, as well as 
managing change on-property and other resources to 
support systems knowledge and usage.   
Owners and Operators are also entitled to weekly live 
webinar sessions called Office Hours.  Office Hours 
allows Owners and Operators access to experienced 
Choice University Learning Professionals who can help 
with training questions for their individual hotel. Office 
Hours will be offered weekly at a set time.  Each Office 
Hours session will be scheduled for sixty minutes.  The 
relicense training program allows unlimited access to 
Office Hours. 
Every Owner and Operator of a relicensed hotel are also 
given access to the Relicense Learning Map on 
ChoiceU.com. This link gives them immediate access to 
everything they need to know first as a new Owner and 
Operator of a Choice Hotel. 
4 0 Any location 
with internet 
access  
TOTAL 4 0  
  
 
When a Choice branded hotel changes owners and the new owners sign a franchise agreement with 
Choice (known as a “re-licensing”), the hotel is granted access to customized training videos as well as live 
(virtual) sessions where they can get questions for their individual hotel answered. The training videos and 
live office hours sessions, as well as other important learning resources for new Owners and Operators are 
made available to the relicensed hotel via the dedicated, self -paced Relicense Learning Map on 
ChoiceU.com.  The fee for this training is $995.  
 
In addition, upon re -licensing, the new owners must attend the Choice Onboard program, as 
detailed above, at the earliest available session.  However, the new owners must attend the Choice Onboard 
program within 90 days of hotel re-licensing. 
Attendance at the Choice Onboard program is mandatory.  Some or all of the training may not be 
required if you have previously owned a Choice branded hotel, obtained Choice Hotels training certification 
for another existing Choice branded hotel and/or a hotel staff member has previously earned the HOST 
certification. Failure to attend within the prescribed time frame may result in a formal default under your 
franchise agreement, and failure to cure the formal default could result in the termination of your franchise 
agreement. 
The training materials have been developed and produced by Choice University Learning 
Professionals with an average experience of 15 plus years.     
 
* * * 

60 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
We will also provide choiceADVANTAGE training, as described below: 
choiceADVANTAGE® ONLINE REMOTE ONBOARDING (Notes 1 and 2) 
 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF ON 
THE JOB 
TRAINING LOCATION 
Day One  
• Setup and configure hardware 
• Guide the Property Contact through adding Future 
Reservations, Pre-Paid Reservations, Company 
Profiles, Groups and Accounts Receivable. 
• Review property configuration 
• Understanding and using reports 
• Rates Center overview 
• choiceADVANTAGE® User Admin set-
up/overview 
• ChoiceCentral.com overview 
• Utilizing Choice resources 
4-6 Remotely 
Day Two 
• Complete Property Contact Training 
• Guide property through balance transfers 
• Credit Card and EMV installation 
• Digital Registration installation 
• Interface installation 
6-8 Remotely 
TOTAL 10-14  
 
Note 1:   eLearning training is mandatory for all General Managers, Assistant General 
Managers, front office managers and all front desk staff and must be completed to our satisfaction.  Training 
is completed in ChoiceU.com and is vital for all hotel staff to complete as it is the only training they will 
receive on the system. choiceADVANTAGE® eLearning training is a series of training modules prepared 
by members of our SkyTouch Technology team. 
Note 2:  Optional on-site choiceADVANTAGE® training is available and will be held at 
your hotel, preferably in a meeting room and required to have High Speed Internet Access.  The on- site 
training will be conducted by members of our SkyTouch Technology team.  On-site choiceADVANTAGE® 
training requires you to provide one free hotel room per Onboarding Lead per night for the on-site training.  
In the event you are unable to accommodate the Onboarding Lead to stay at your property for reasons of 
safety, occupancy permits, or other reasons, you are responsible for reimbursing the costs and expense of 
the Onboarding Lead’s stay at a comparable neighboring hotel.  The fee for optional on- site 
choiceADVANTAGE® training is $6,000. You may reschedule the training without paying an additional 
fee by providing written notice of your need to postpone the training program to your Onboarding Lead at 
least 14 days prior to the travel date. There will be a rescheduling fee of $2,100 if you need to reschedule 
within 14 days of the travel date or system conversion was not completed while Onboarding Lead was on-
site. 
* * * 
You must also participate in the Educational Resources Program, which provides training on 
various topics through our online learning management system.  The cost of the Educational Resources 
Program is $600 annually plus any applicable state tax. 

61 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
Additional training may be required based on individual hotel needs.  We reserve the right to charge 
you a tuition fee for these additional training programs as established by us from time to time.  You also 
will be required to pay all travel, living and other expenses incurred by your employees while attending any 
required additional training programs. 
We also offer many optional training programs throughout the year, including the regional 
workshops.  In these educational workshops, you and your staff can gain valuable knowledge on a wide 
variety of topics designed to help your hotel become more effective and efficient. 
Any training provided by us to any of your employees will be limited to training or guiding the 
employees regarding the delivery of approved services to guests in a manner that reflects the brand 
standards of the System. You are, and will remain, the sole employer of your employees during all training 
programs, and you are solely responsible for all employment decisions and actions related to your 
employees. It is your obligation to ensure that your employees receive adequate training. 
* * * 
POST-OPENING OBLIGATIONS.  During your operation of the hotel in the Choice franchise, we will 
provide the following services: 
QUALITY ASSURANCE 
We will administer a quality assurance program that may include periodic visits to your hotel (by 
us or our authorized representatives) and/or guest satisfaction surveys to evaluate your compliance with 
your Franchise Agreement and the Rules and Regulations.  If necessary, we will advise you of changes that 
you must make to the hotel or its operations to comply with the franchise agreement and/or the Rules and 
Regulations (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(b)).  Franchisees who fail to improve on identified quality 
issues may be subject to consequences ranging from written warnings, non- compliance penalties, 
attendance at mandatory training programs, reservation suspension, and ultimately to the termination of the 
franchise agreement.  We may also require a franchisee to hire a third party Qualified Vendor to do a deep 
cleaning of the Hotel i f a franchisee has repeatedly failed quality assurance reviews and the hotel’s 
likelihood to recommend (LTR) score falls below the brand specific standard. 
MARKETING AND RESERVATIONS 
We will provide an advance reservation system for your hotel and other Choice branded hotels 
using the Marketing and Reservation Fee that you will pay each month during the term of your franchise 
agreement.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(c).)  We will also provide national, international and regional 
advertising, promotion, publicity, marketing research, system programs and related programs as we 
reasonably determine to be appropriate for the entire Choice franchise system, using the Marketing and 
Reservation Fee. (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(c).) 
Marketing and advertising are primarily disseminated via media such as direct sales efforts, digital 
media, multi- brand television campaigns, trade publications, radio, directories and other collateral 
materials. National advertising and promotion agencies  are primarily used to create and place 
advertisements with the participation and supervision of our in-house marketing department.  Funding for 
the advertising program comes from the Marketing and Reservation Fee that each Choice Hotels franchisee 
pays each month during the term of their franchise agreement and which we control.  We do not use any of 
the Marketing and Reservation Fee  principally to solicit new franchise sales . The Marketing and 
Reservation Fee covers the ongoing development, maintenance and upgrading of the reservations system, 
as well as pay for expenditures associated with  media, advertising, publicity, public relations, marketing, 

62 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
reservations and similar services and certain franchise services.  All franchisees contribute to the Marketing 
and Reservation Fee at a rate dependent  on their individual franchise agreement.  Hotels that we or our 
affiliates own or manage may contribute Marketing and Reservation Fees at a different rate or not at all.    
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, there were no PARK company-owned outlets. See Item 6 for 
a description of the Marketing and Reservation Fee.    
We may establish a marketing cooperative (“Marketing Cooperative”) to fund certain marketing 
initiatives.  We establish an annual fee for participating hotels, and we also provide funding.  The 
participating hotels in a Marketing Cooperative, along with the assistance of a Choice representative, create 
an annual budget and an annual marketing plan.  Your participation in a Marketing  Cooperative will be 
voluntary, and you may opt out on an annual basis.  However, we may require participation in a Marketing 
Cooperative in the future and we have the right to audit the Marketing Cooperative program at any time. 
You may conduct your own local marketing program provided that all materials comply with brand 
standards, including proper trademark usage, and are either approved in writing by us through ChoiceNow, 
typically within 10 business days after you submit your materials to us for review.  (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 6(s)(4).) The SmartMarketing program provides marketing and promotional materials that help you 
promote your hotel professionally and within brand standards.  We are not required to use any portion  of 
the Marketing and Reservation Fee for advertising in your area.   
Any website created for your hotel must follow the Choice Property Website Guidelines, Internet 
Distribution Policy and Domain Name Policy. (Franchise Agreement, Section 7(b).) We retain the right to 
pre-approve your hotel’s website design and use of linking between your internet web pages (or other 
networks) and all other web sites.  All websites that are accessed from a domain name that uses one or more 
of the Choice Marks must conform to the Choice Hotels Property Website Guidelines and Internet 
Distribution Policy and cannot contain, or link to other web pages that contain, logos or information on 
non-Choice brand hotels.  We have the right to determine the content and use of online or electronic media 
associated with any of the Choice Marks.  You may not participate in any website or other electronic media 
(including social media) that markets goods and services under the Choice Marks unless it is first approved 
in writing by us.  Your general conduct on the internet or other electronic media, including your use of the 
Choice Marks or any advertising is subject to the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement and any 
other rules, requirements or policies that we may identify from time to time. 
We administer the allocation of the Marketing and Reservation Fee, which may be commingled 
with, but are accounted for separately, from our other funds. We do not prepare audited financial statements 
for our Marketing and Reservation Fee.  However, upon receiving a reasonable request, we will provide an 
unaudited statement of the Marketing and Reservation Fee  for the previous calendar year. We have no 
obligation to separate incomes or expenditures between the various Choice brands. Any unspent Marketing 
and Reservation Fees remaining at the end of the fiscal year generally are carried over for use in the 
following year unless there is a deficit from a preceding year. In that case, the monies will be applied to 
pay down the deficit and anything remaining will be carried over. We pay administrative costs to provide 
the goods and services described above using a portion of the Marketing and Reservation Fee. Our internal 
costs associated with marketing the goods and services of our franchise system are reflected in the 
percentages below, including our media (broadcast and digital), creative, supplies and graphics. In calendar 
year 2024, approximately 18.7% of all Marketing and Reservation Fees collected from the Choice Franchise 
System was spent on media and other advertising, 7.9% on the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program, which 
includes national advertising (broadcast and digital), 67.3 % on marketing and distribution (for example, 
reservations services, global sales, publicity, research & analytics) and 6.1% on general and administrative 
expenses, including the salaries of applicable personnel. 
 

63 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
FRANCHISE ADVISORY COUNCIL 
We may periodically assemble franchise advisory councils who meet with corporate representatives 
to advise on issues relating to the System (including advertising issues).  We select the franchisees that 
participate on this council.  The council acts in an  advisory capacity only and we maintain all decision -
making power of the System.  We may create, change, or dissolve this council at any time. 
COMPUTER HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE 
You will be required to purchase and install a dedicated, wired, business grade High Speed Internet 
Access solution located at the front desk for access to choiceADVANTAGE®; to electronically update your 
hotel’s information in our advance reservations system; to receive reservations from our advance 
reservations system; to collect data on reservations made by travel agents; to collect daily revenue and 
occupancy figures; and to manage your front desk operations. (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(g).) 
The costs and fees for purchasing a license to use the choiceADVANTAGE® system include: 
choiceADVANTAGE® Software License and Administrative Fee -- $2,350-$4,350 (payable to us); 
choiceADVANTAGE® Systems Onboarding and Project Management Fee -- $2,500 (payable to 
us); 
choiceADVANTAGE® Software Interface Implementation Fee (optional) -- $1,500 (payable to us); 
choiceADVANTAGE® Credit Card Interface Implementation Fee -- $400 (payable to us); 
choiceADVANTAGE® Database Clean Up Fee -- $500 (payable to us); and 
Dell hardware -- $3,800 - $10,800 depending on the configuration (payable to Insight or us as a 
part of Brand in a Box.  See Item 5.). 
We will also provide the following: 
• Ongoing remote support relating to maintenance of the choiceADVANTAGE ® software, 
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  
• Enhancements or updates to the choiceADVANTAGE® software with training bulletins.  
• Remote configuration and installation services for the choiceADVANTAGE® software.  
• Online training on ChoiceU.com relating to the use of the choiceADVANTAGE® software.  
• The choiceADVANTAGE® software.  
 
You are required to purchase the mandatory Dell hardware package through our preferred hardware 
vendor, Insight, or through Choice as a part of Brand in a Box. See Item 5 . Your Dell hardware will be 
subject to Dell’s warranty and support provisions. The cost of the computer hardware listed above does not 
include the cost of any peripheral items such as credit card processing machines, printers, or other network 
needs unique to your hotel. 
You will be required to refresh the choiceADVANTAGE® system with Dell hardware and required 
peripherals to comply with specifications mandated by us. Dell hardware and required peripherals should 
be refreshed every 48 months or upon expiration of your hardware warranty.  We estimate that the cost to 
refresh and install new Dell hardware and peripherals will be between $ 3,800 and $10,800 depending on 
the configuration at your hotel (number of workstations, printers etc.). However, there is no limit on the 

64 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
frequency or cost of this obligation. 
We will have independent access to the information that will be generated by the 
choiceADVANTAGE® property management system and will use the information and data to identify 
trends, as well as to perform statistical analysis for improvement of the brand standards, as well as the 
overall Choice franchise system. 
We require chip enabled credit card acceptance (EMV) hardware for use in your hotel. We estimate 
the cost of each device, including programming, to be approximately $875. Fees may vary based on the 
number of devices required for your hotel. We also require  EMV software for use in your hotel. The 
required EMV software for processing credit card payments through choiceADVANTAGE ® property 
management system is only available from Shift4 Payments, a Nevada corporation, with a business address 
at 1491 Center Cros sing Road, Las Vegas, Nevada 89144. You will make payments directly to Shift4. 
Shift4 is a Qualified Vendor. See Item 8 of this Disclosure Document.  
 
CHANGE IN SLEEPING ROOM COUNT 
We will review and, where appropriate, approve requests to add or remove guestrooms to your 
hotel after receipt of your room count change fee (if applicable) and construction plans (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 8). 
ITEM 12 
TERRITORY 
 
 We grant franchises for specific sites only.  You will not receive an exclusive 
territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other 
channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.   However, we may, depending on local 
market conditions or other factors such as your prior history with us (if any) and number of hotels franchised 
by us, grant exclusive territories in which no other hotel of the same brand will be franchised or operated, 
for a period of time that we determine.  Preferred regions and exclusive territories, if any, are determined 
by us. Our grant of a preferred region or exclusive territory can be terminated by us if you default under 
your franchise agreement, including failing to mai ntain quality standards or failing to pay franchise fees 
due on a timely basis.  
 
We expressly reserve the right to grant franchises or open company owned hotels at any location 
under any brand name other than the location specified in your franchise agreement.  We may open 
company-owned hotels under any brand and offer hotel franchises for upscale, mid-priced and budget hotels 
under any of the Choice Marks. 
If you wish to relocate or establish additional facilities, you must follow our usual application 
procedures and sign additional franchise agreements.  Customarily, we do not grant to franchisees options, 
rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
We may take reservations for rooms through any method of distribution, including sales through 
such channels of distribution as the internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales 
(“Alternative Distribution Channels”).  You will receive no compensation for our sales through Alternative 
Distribution Channels, unless we make a reservation on your behalf. 
You may solicit or accept reservations from customers at any location (including outside your 
territory, if applicable).  You may use Alternative Distribution Channels to make sales if you comply with 
all of our standards, including any approval process that we may require (see Item 11).  We, our affiliates 

65 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
and franchisees can use Alternative Distribution Channels to make sales anywhere (including within your 
territory, if applicable) of products or services under trademarks different from the trademarks that you are 
permitted to use under your franchise agre ement.  See Item 1 for additional information on other Choice 
brands. 
We have implemented a Fair Franchising Policy (attached as Exhibit K) that sets general guidelines 
on how we will maintain the  overall Choice franchise system of brands, including principles for informal 
resolution of disputes between PARK franchisees.  The Fair Franchising Policy is an internal policy, not a 
contractual obligation and can be changed or revoked by Choice in its sole discretion at any time upon 
reasonable notice. 
As noted in Item 1, we currently grant franchises or operate hotels under the following brands or 
extensions of these brands: ASCEND HOTEL COLLECTION®, CAMBRIA®, CLARION HOTEL®, 
CLARION INN®, CLARION INN & SUITES®, CLARION SUITES®, CLARION RESORT®, 
CLARION POINTE®, COMFORT INN®, COMFORT INN & SUITES®, COMFORT SUITES®, 
COUNTRY INN & SUITES® BY RADISSON, ECONO LODGE®, ECONO LODGE INN & SUITES®, 
EVERHOME SUITES®, MAINSTAY SUITES®, PARK INN® BY RADISSON, QUALITY INN®, 
QUALITY INN & SUITES®, QUALITY SUITES®, QUALITY HOTEL®, QUALITY RESORT®, 
RADISSON®, RADISSON BLU®, RADISSON INDIVIDUALS®, RODEWAY INN®, RODEWAY 
INN & SUITES®, SLEEP INN®, SLEEP INN & SUITES®, SUBURBAN STUDIOS® AND 
WOODSPRING SUITES®. We have the right to operate and franchise these hotels at any location in 
accordance with the terms of your franchise agreement and you may compete with any of our brands in the 
operation of your hotel.  Those hotels could be company- owned, franchised, or both.  We also have the 
right to operate or franchise a hotel or other business under a different trademark.  We do not maintain 
physically separate offices or training facilities for the other Choice brands that may compete with your 
hotel. 
ITEM 13 
TRADEMARKS 
 
You will receive in the franchise agreement a limited license and obligation to use one or more of 
the trademarks and trade names identified below together with the related logo(s), including designs, 
stylized letters and colors that we permit you to use at your hotel and in advertising for your hotel, and any 
other additional or substituted trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos that we later adopt and 
authorize you in writing to use.   
We own and license to you some of the following service marks and trademarks registered on the 
Principal Register with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office that correspond to the brand you may be 
granted to use in your franchise agreement: 

66 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TRADEMARK STATUS REGISTRATION 
DATE 
REGISTRATION 
NUMBER 
PARK INN Registered 6/16/98 2,165,600 
PARK INN & Design 
  
Registered 3/30/21 6,304,229 
PARK INN & Design 
 
Registered 9/29/20 6,163,797 
 
 
TRADEMARK STATUS REGISTRATION 
DATE 
REGISTRATION 
NUMBER 
RADISSON Registered 9/21/71 0,920,862 
RADISSON & Design 
 
 
Registered 11/25/03 2,786,788 
  
We have filed all required affidavits and renewals in connection with these trademarks. 
You must follow the policies and rules we establish from time to time governing your use of the 
trademarks that your franchise agreement permits you to use.  “Choice Marks” means collectively all of 
our trademarks or trade names, the trademarks and trade names ASCEND®, ASCEND HOTEL 
COLLECTION®, CAMBRIA®, CLARION®,  CLARION COLLECTION®, CLARION HOTEL®, 
CLARION HOTEL & SUITES®, CLARION INN®, CLARION INN & SUITES®, CLARION 
POINTE®, CLARION RESORT®, CLARION SUITES®, COMFORT®, COUNTRY INN & SUITES® 
BY RADISSON, ECONO LODGE®, ECONO LODGE INN & SUITES®, EVERHOME®, EVERHOME 
SUITES®, MAINSTAY®, MAINSTAY SUITES®, PARK INN® BY RADISSON , PARK PLAZA®, 
QUALITY®, QUALITY HOTEL®, QUALITY INN®, QUALITY INN & SUITES®, QUALITY 
RESORT®, QUALITY SUITES®, RADISSON®, RADISSON BLU®, RADISSON COLLECTION®, 
RADISSON INDIVIDUALS®, RADISSON INN & SUITES™ , RADISSON RED®, RODEWAY INN®, 
RODEWAY INN & SUITES®, SLEEP®, SLEEP INN®, SLEEP INN & SUITES®, SUBURBAN 
STUDIOS®, WOODSPRING®, WOODSPRING SUITES®, CHOICE®, CHOICE HOTELS®, and our 
slogans (such as “Our Business is You®”), the names/trademarks of any Choice products, the names of our 
property management system, reservation system, guest loyalty program and any other additional or 
substituted trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos.  You cannot use any Choice Marks or anything 
similar to these words in your name or the name of any of your affiliates, whether a partnership, corporation, 
limited liability company, joint venture or any other type of business organization, or as (or incorporated 
in) the name and/or design of any other building, business or business activity.  You may not establish a  
website on the internet using the Choice Marks, or anything similar to the aforementioned words that does 
not comply with our Domain Name Policy, Internet Distribution Policy or our Property Website Guidelines 
(or such similar policies or regulations adopted by us from time to time).  We retain the right to pre-approve 
your use of linking and framing between your internet web pages (or other network) and all other websites.  
All websites that are accessed from a domain  name that uses a Choice Mark must conform to the Choice 


67 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
Hotels Property Website Guidelines and Internet Distribution Policy and cannot contain, or link to other 
web pages that contain, logos or information relating to non- Choice branded hotels.  We have the right to 
determine the content and use of online or electronic media associated with any of the Choice Marks.  You 
may not participate in any website or other electronic media (including social media) that markets goods 
and services under the Choice Marks unless it is first approved in writing by us. 
If you are required by law to register any of the Choice Marks, your application must specify that 
you use the Choice Marks:  (1) only at your hotel and in advertising for your hotel; (2) only during the term 
of your franchise agreement; and (3) without cl aiming any property right in the Choice Marks during or 
after the term of your franchise agreement. 
There are no effective material determinations by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, 
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court; pending 
infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings; or pendi ng material litigation involving the Choice 
Marks that your franchise agreement permits you to use. 
We have no agreements currently in effect that significantly limit our rights to use or license our 
use of the Choice Marks.  We do not know of any superior prior rights or material infringing uses of the 
Choice Marks that could materially and adversely af fect your permitted use of the Choice Marks in any 
state. 
You will not interfere with our use or registration of any of the Choice Marks, or with use of the 
Choice Marks by other hotels.  You have no right to sublicense anyone else to use any Choice Marks and 
you have no right to use them for any purpose other than as permitted in connection with your hotel. 
You must promptly notify us of any suit filed or demand made against you challenging the validity 
of any of the Choice Marks (“Mark Claim”).  Using our attorneys, we agree to protect and defend you 
against a Mark Claim, and to defend and indemnify you agai nst your loss, cost or expense related to the 
Mark Claim, except where the Mark Claim arose because you used the Choice Marks in violation of your 
franchise agreement. You may not settle or compromise a Mark Claim without our prior written consent, 
and you agree to cooperate with us in defending against any Mark Claim. 
 
ITEM 14 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
 
 There are no patents or pending patent applications that are material to a purchase of a franchise.   
 
 We claim copyright protection for our Franchise Agreement and related agreements, the Manuals 
(see Item  11), designs, proprietary restaurant standards and menu formats, various proprietary software 
packages, and for various sales promotional and other materials published periodically.  We or our affiliates 
are the exclusive owners of the copyrights in these materials and in any content or information that is 
displayed on or made available through our websites.  You may not frame or incorporate any content or 
information contained in our websites without our express written authorization. 
 
 There are no currently effective material determinations of the United States Patent and Trademark 
Office, the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress or any court regarding any of the copyrighted 
materials.  There are no agreements in effect that significantly limit our right to use or license the 
copyrighted materials, except for the Franchise Agreement .  We are not aware of any infringing uses of 
these materials that could materially affect your use of these materials.  We reserve the right to control any 
patent or copyright dispute and we will determine whether we will bring suit or settle any instance when a 

68 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
third party infringes the patents or copyrights.  We are not obligated to protect any patent, patent application 
or copyright or to defend you against claims arising from your use of any patented or copyrighted items.  We 
are not obligated to take any affirmative action when notifi ed of any infringement.  We have the right to 
control all litigation related to the patented or copyrighted materials.  We do not have to defend or indemnify 
you in a proceeding involving a patent, patent application or copyright of ours.  You may not contest our, or 
our affiliates’, interests in patents or copyrights.  
 
 You must keep confidential during and after the term of your Franchise Agreement all proprietary 
information, including the Manuals that we permit you to use.  You must not duplicate or disseminate any 
proprietary information to any party other than (during the term of the Franchise Agreement ) your 
employees who need to know this proprietary information.  Upon termination of the Franchise Agreement, 
you must return to us all proprietary information, including all copies of the Manuals.  You must notify us 
immediately if you learn about an unauthorized use of proprietary information.  We are not obligated to 
take action, and will determine the appropriate response to any information regarding the unauthorized use 
of proprietary information.  You must comply with all changes to the Manuals at your cost. 
 
ITEM 15 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN 
THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
 
 We do not require you to personally participate in the direct operation of the franchised hotel nor 
do we make any recommendation regarding your personal participation in the direct operation of the 
franchise business.  However, you must have a certified General Manager at your hotel.  We provide Choice 
Hotels Certified General Manager training under the Hospitality Operations Success Training (“HOST”) 
and each new or replacement General Manager must be certified.   A General Manager is not required to 
hold any ownership interest in the hotel in order to operate the franchise business.
 
 
ITEM 16 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
 
 Goods or services that you offer at your hotel must be consistent with high moral and ethical 
principles. You must offer accommodations and accompanying goods and services that comply with our 
Rules and Regulations and applicable local, state, and federal law.  We may periodically modify the Rules 
and Regulations to require you to provide additional services or amenities to your guests. See Item 8 for 
additional information.  
 
 
ITEM 17 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP 
 
This table lists certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  You should read these 
provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. 
 

69 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT SUMMARY 
a.  Length of the franchise 
term 
Section 3 Term is 20 years from the Opening Date, subject to (d), (e) 
and (f) below.  If you are entering into a replacement 
franchise agreement for your existing Park brand hotel, we 
have the discretion to offer you a term of less than 20 years. 
b.  Renewal or extension of 
the term 
Not Applicable 
 
 
No provision for renewal after the 20-year term expires. 
 
c.  Requirements for you to 
renew or extend 
Not Applicable  
d.  Termination by you Sections 3 and 
10(a) 
If the hotel is to be newly constructed, you have the right 
to terminate on the 10 th and 15 th anniversaries of the 
Opening Date.  If the hotel is not to be newly constructed, 
you have the right to terminate on the 5 th, 10th, and 15 th 
anniversaries of the Opening Date.  You may only exercise 
such termination rights by giving us no less than 12 months 
prior written notice provided you pay all fees and charges 
under the franchise agreement and any other related 
agreements at all times during the remainder of the term.   
 
If you participate in the Developer Incentive Program 
described in Item 10, you will waive your right to terminate 
without cause on the 5th anniversary of the Opening Date, 
unless you have executed a 5 year Developer Incentive 
Addendum and Note. 
 
If we are in default of material obligations, you may 
terminate the franchise agreement, if after 60 days written 
notice, we have failed to cure the default.   You may 
terminate for other reasons as allowed under the law. 
e.  Termination by us without 
cause 
Section 3 Subject to state law, if the hotel is not to be newly 
constructed, we have the right to terminate on the 5th, 10th 
and 15th anniversaries of the Opening Date.  If the hotel is 
to be newly constructed, we have the right to terminate on 
the 10
th, and 15th anniversaries of the Opening Date.  We 
may only exercise such termination rights by giving 12 
months prior written notice. 
 
If you participate in the Developer Incentive Program 
described in Item 10, we will waive our right to terminate 
without cause on the 5th anniversary of the Opening Date, 
unless you have executed a 5 year Developer Incentive 
Addendum and Note. 
f.  Termination by us with 
cause 
Section 10(b) We may terminate if you are in default and fail to cure 
within the applicable time period. 
g.  “Cause” defined - curable 
defaults 
Section 10(b)(1) You have 10 days to cure non -payment of fees and non -
submission of reports and 30 days to cure any other breach 
of your obligations under the franchise agreement. 

70 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT SUMMARY 
h.  “Cause” defined – non-
curable defaults  
Section 10(b)(2) Non-curable defaults: threat of danger due to condition of 
hotel; abandonment; loss of possession; criminal behavior; 
unauthorized transfer; knowingly false statements on 
application, submission of false reports or maintenance of 
false books and records; f ailure to open hotel; becoming 
insolvent or making a general assignment for the benefit of 
creditors; failure to maintain the required insurance 
coverage; we send you 2 notices of default for the same or 
similar cause in any consecutive 12 month-period, whether 
or not cured; failure to begin construction or renovation of 
the hotel on or before the required date or failure to begin 
or complete construction or renovation of the hotel on or 
before the required dates; failure to complete required 
property improvements by their deadlines; engaging in 
conduct that damaged our brand; unauthorized disclosure 
of confidential information; or breach of another 
agreement with us or our affiliates, or relating to the 
possession of the hotel. 
i. Your obligations upon 
termination/non-renewal 
Sections 10 and 
11 
Obligations include: complete de-identification; payment 
of all fees due; cancellation of any assumed name filing 
containing any Choice Marks; return of all materials we 
provided for the operation of the hotel and payment of any 
damages as a result of enforcing Section 10 or 11 of the 
franchise agreement. 
j.  Assignment of contract by 
us 
Section 9(a) No restrictions on our right to assign. 
k.  “Transfer” by you- defined Section 9(b) Includes sale, assignment, lease, or other encumb rance of 
the franchise agreement, the hotel or ownership change. 
l. Our approval of transfer by 
you 
Section 9(b) We must approve all transfers of more than 5% of the 
ownership interest in the hotel with certain exceptions.  We 
will not unreasonably withhold our approval. 
m.  Conditions for our 
approval of transfer 
Sections 9(b) and 
9(c) 
Transferee must meet all of our then-current qualifications 
for new franchisees; the hotel must comply with our then-
current brand image and standards.  In addition, if you 
transfer a Controlling Interest in you (if you are an entity) 
or the hotel, the transferee must sign our then-current form 
of franchise agreement and pay a re-licensing fee equal to 
the then-current affiliation fee we charge.  If we approve 
the transfer to a Close Family Member (for example, 
current spouse, parent, child, sibling, or grandparent), that 
Close Family Member must pay us an application fee (not 
to exceed $7,500). 
n. Our right of first refusal to 
acquire your business 
Not Applicable  
o.  Our option to purchase 
your business 
Not Applicable  
p.  Your death or disability  Section 9(c) Franchise must be assigned by estate to a remaining 
franchisee or to your heirs, when we approve, within 12 
months.   

71 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT SUMMARY 
q.  Non-competition 
covenants during the term of 
the franchise 
Not Applicable  
r.  Non-competition covenants 
after the franchise is 
terminated or expires 
Not Applicable  
s.  Modification of the 
agreement 
Section 20(h) This agreement may only be modified in writing and 
signed by both parties. 
t.  Integration/merger clause Section 24 Only the terms of the franchise agreement are binding 
(subject to state law).  Any representations or promises 
outside of the disclosure document and franchise 
agreement may not be enforceable. 
u.  Dispute resolution by 
arbitration or mediation 
Section 21 Except for certain claims, all disputes must be arbitrated, 
subject to state law. 
v.  Choice of forum Sections 21 and 
24 
Arbitration must be in Maryland (subject to state law).  See 
Exhibit D, Addenda to the Franchise Agreement. 
w.  Choice of law Sections 20(f) and 
21 
Maryland law applies (subject to state law).  See Exhibit 
D, Addenda to the Franchise Agreement. 
x.  Other – Liquidated 
Damages 
Sections 10(d) 
and 11(a) 
If we terminate the franchise agreement due to your 
default, or if you use our trademarks after the franchise 
agreement is terminated, you may be subject to liquidated 
damages. 
 
choiceADVANTAGE® SOFTWARE TERMS OF USE 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
choiceADVANTAGE 
SOFTWARE TERMS 
OF USE SUMMARY 
a. Length of the 
agreement term 
TERMINATION The Terms of Use will begin when you accept the 
terms and will terminate if the franchise agreement 
terminates or expires, if you are in default of the 
Terms of Use or if you fail to make payments for the 
use of the software.   
b.  Renewal or extension 
of the term 
Not Applicable  
c.  Requirements for you 
to renew or extend 
Not Applicable  
d.  Termination by you Not Applicable  
e.  Termination by us 
without cause 
TERMINATION Upon expiration of the franchise agreement. 
f.  Termination by us 
with “cause” 
TERMINATION We may terminate if you are in default. 
g.  “Cause” defined - 
curable defaults 
Not Applicable  
h.  “Cause” defined - 
defaults that cannot be 
cured 
TERMINATION Non-curable defaults:  breach of any provision in the 
Terms of Use; failure to make payments for use of the 
software; termination of the franchise agreement.   

72 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
choiceADVANTAGE 
SOFTWARE TERMS 
OF USE SUMMARY 
i. Your obligations upon 
termination/non-renewal 
Not Applicable  
j.  Assignment of 
contract by us 
Not Applicable  
k.  “Transfer” by you – 
defined 
SOFTWARE USE AND 
SITE ACCESS; 
GENERAL 
You may not transfer or assign the software, your 
right to access the site, or any rights under the Terms 
of Use.   
l. Our approval of 
transfer  
SOFTWARE USE AND 
SITE ACCESS; 
GENERAL  
You may not assign without Choice’s written 
permission to do so. 
m.  Conditions for our 
approval of transfer 
Not Applicable  
n. Our right of first 
refusal to acquire your 
business 
Not Applicable  
o.  Our option to 
purchase your business 
Not Applicable  
p.  Your death or 
disability 
Not Applicable  
q.  Non-competition 
covenants during the 
term of the franchise 
Not Applicable  
r.  Non-competition 
covenants after the 
franchise is terminated 
or expires 
Not Applicable  
s.  Modification of the 
agreement 
PREAMBLE We may modify, add or remove any terms and 
conditions without notice or liability to you.  You 
accept and agree to any modifications, additions, or 
removals by your subsequent use of the software. 
t.  Integration/merger 
clause 
ENTIRE AGREEMENT Only the terms of the Terms of Use and the Franchise 
Agreement are binding (subject to state law). Any 
representations or promises outside of the disclosure 
document and franchise agreement may not be 
enforceable. 
u.  Dispute resolution by 
arbitration or mediation 
Not Applicable  
v.  Choice of forum Not Applicable  
w.  Choice of law GOVERNING LAW Maryland law applies (subject to state law) except the 
Maryland Uniform Computer Information 
Transactions Act, which is expressly disclaimed.   
 
ITEM 18 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
 
 We do not use any public figure to promote our franchise. 
 
 
 
  

73 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
ITEM 19 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
   
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor -owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for 
the information, and if the information is included in the Disclosure Document.  Financial performance 
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the 
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplement s the 
information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance at 
a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
The tables below provide certain historic performance information for franchised PARK hotels 
operating in the United States. As of December 31, 202 4, there were 27 open and operating PARK hotels 
in the United States , all of which were owned by franchisees.  Of these 27  PARK hotels, 4 were PARK 
hotels that met the definition of the Performance Sample.  The “Performance Sample” means all franchised 
PARK hotels that were open and operating as of December 31, 2024 and that were franchised by Choice 
and operating on or before January 1, 2024, excluding hotels that: (1) repositioned from another Choice  
brand to PARK during the period beginning January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2024; (2) had 
incomplete performance numbers (e.g., missing supply, demand, and revenue information) for at least 30 
days during the period beginning January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2024; or (3) experienced an 
interruption in operations (for example, due to renovation or natural disaster) of more than 30 consecutive 
days during the period beginning January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2024.  There were no PARK 
hotels that closed during Year 2024 after being open less than 1 year.  
Table 1:  For Year Ended December 31, 2024 - Average Occupancy Rate, ADR, RevPAR, Total 
Choice Enterprise Contribution, Choice Privileges Contribution, and Choice Privileges ADR for 
PARK Hotels in the Performance Sample 
 
 
Aggregate or 
Average 
Median Low  High Hotels Meeting or 
Exceeding Average 
Total Open and 
Operating 
Hotels 
27      
Performance 
Sample 4    Count Percent 
Average 
Occupancy Rate 56.9% 65.2% 32.7% 92.4% 3 75.0% 
Average Daily 
Rate $78.62 $76.59 $62.00 $98.79 2 50.0% 
Revenue per 
Available Room 
(“RevPAR”) 
$44.73 $49.70 $20.26 $91.28 3 75.0% 
Total Choice 
Enterprise 
Contribution 
83.9% 81.3% 72.9% 92.3% 2 50.0% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Contribution 
50.6% 51.2% 47.2% 54.5% 2 50.0% 

74 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
 
Aggregate or 
Average 
Median Low  High Hotels Meeting or 
Exceeding Average 
Choice 
Privileges 
Average Daily 
Rate 
$76.52 $75.99 $57.87 $100.09 2 50.0% 
 
Notes:  We used the following definitions in the above table:   
 
“Average Occupancy Rate” is the percentage of available guest rooms actually occupied by guests.   
 
“Average Daily Rate” is the gross room revenue divided by the number of occupied guest rooms. 
 
“RevPAR” is the gross room revenue divided by available guest rooms.  
 
 “Total Choice Enterprise Contribution” is the average of each hotel’s revenue generated through 
the CRS (including online travel agent bookings with whom we have negotiated relationships)  and non-
CRS marketing channels, including members of our Choice Privileges and affiliated guest loyalty programs 
that booked directly with Choice Hotels branded properties as well as reservation revenue from wholesale 
group accounts and global sales accounts, excluding cancelled reservations, divided by that hotel’s gross 
room revenues.   
“Choice Privileges Contribution” is the average percentage of gross room revenue attributable to 
members of Choice Privileges, or other affiliated programs, who occupy and pay for guest rooms and are 
awarded Choice Privileges or airline points for their stays or redeem points for a reward night.    
 
“Choice Privileges Average Daily Rate” is the Average Daily Rate for reservations generated 
through our Choice Privileges guest loyalty program and other affiliated loyalty programs, including airline 
loyalty programs, excluding cancelled reservations.  
 
*     *      *      
The data presented in the above tables relate to historical performance of franchised PARK hotels 
in the United States and represent average performance of PARK branded hotels in a specific performance 
sample.   
The financial performance representations in the above t ables do not reflect the costs of sales, 
operating expenses, or other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross sales 
figures to obtain your net income or profit.  You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs 
and expenses you will incur in operating your hotel.  Franchisees or former franchisees, listed in this 
Disclosure Document, may be one source of this information. 
The data presented in the above t ables are based on information that individual franchise owners 
provided to us.  Written substantiation of the financial information that forms the bases for our financial 
performance representations will be made available to you within a reasonable period of time following 
receipt of your written request. 
Some franchised PARK  hotels have earned the results indicated above. Your individual 
results may differ. There is no assurance that you will earn as much. 

75 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
Other than  the preceding financial performance representation, we do not make any financial 
performance representations.  We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any such 
representations either orally or in writing .  If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may 
provide you with the actual records of that outlet.  If you receive any other financial performance 
information or projections of your future income, you should report it to the franchisor’s management by 
contacting our General Counsel at 915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 and at 
(301) 592-5000; the Federal Trade Commission; and the appropriate state regulatory agencies. 
 
ITEM 20 
OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION 
 
TABLE NO. 1 
Systemwide Outlet Summary 
For Years 2022 to 2024* 
 
Outlet Type Year 
Outlets at the 
Start of the 
Year 
Outlets at the 
End of the 
Year 
Net Change 
Franchised Outlets 2022 5 4 -1 
2023 4 4 0 
2024 4 27 +23 
Company 
Owned/Managed 
2022 0 0 0 
2023 0 0 0 
2024 0 0 0 
Total Outlets 2022 5 4 -1 
2023 4 4 0 
2024 4 27 +23 
* As of December 31 for each year. 
 
TABLE NO. 2 
Transfers of Outlets From Franchisees to New Owners 
(Other than the Franchisor) 
For Years 2022 to 2024* 
 
State Year Number of Transfers 
Pennsylvania 2022 0 
2023 1 
2024 0 
Total Outlets 2022 0 
2023 1 
2024 0 
* As of December 31 for each year.  States not listed had no transfer activity to report.   
 
TABLE NO. 3 
Status of Franchised Outlets 
For Years 2022 to 2024*  
 

76 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
State Year 
Outlets 
at Start 
of Year 
Outlets 
Opened 
Termin-
ations 
Non-
Renewal
s 
Reacquired 
by 
Franchisor 
Ceased 
Operations 
Other 
Reasons 
Outlets at 
End of 
the Year 
California  2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 10 0 0 0 0 10 
Colorado 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 5 0 0 0 0 5 
Georgia 2022 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Nevada 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 2 0 0 0 0 2 
Pennsylvania 2022 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 1 0 0 0 0 2 
South Carolina 2022 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Texas 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 
Utah 2022 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 3 0 0 0 0 4 
Virginia 2022 1 0 1 0 0 0 0 
2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
Wyoming 2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 
Total 
2022 5 0 1 0 0 0 4 
2023 4 0 0 0 0 0 4 
2024 4 23 0 0 0 0 27 
 
*As of December 31 for each year.  If multiple events occurred affecting an outlet, this table shows the 
event that occurred last in time.  States not listed had no activity to report. 
 
 

77 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2025 
 
 
TABLE NO. 4 
Status of Company-Owned/Managed Outlets For Years 2022 to 2024*  
 
State Year 
Outlets 
at Start 
of Year 
Outlets 
Opened 
Reacquired 
from 
Franchisees 
Outlets 
Closed 
Outlets Sold to 
Franchisees 
Outlets at 
End of the 
Year 
All States 
 
2022 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 0 0 0 0 0 
* As of December 31 for each year. 
 
TABLE NO. 5 
Projected Openings as of December 31, 2024*  
 
State 
Franchise 
Agreements 
Signed But Not 
Opened 
Projected New 
Franchised Outlets to 
Be Opened in the Next 
Fiscal Year 
Projected New 
Company-Owned 
Outlets to Be Opened in 
the Next Fiscal Year 
Georgia  1 1 0 
Nevada 3 3 0 
North Dakota 1 1 0 
Total 5 5 0 
 
 Exhibit L lists the names of all of our U.S. operating franchisees and the addresses and telephone 
numbers of their Hotels as of December 31, 2024 , including franchisees who have signed Franchise 
Agreements for Hotels which were not yet operational as of December 31, 2024.  Exhibit M lists the name, 
city and state, and business telephone number (or, if unknown, the last known home telephone number) of 
every franchisee who had a Hotel terminated, cancelled, not renewed, or otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily 
ceased to operate and/or conduct business under a Franchise Agreement during the most recently completed 
fiscal year, or who has not communicated with us within 10 weeks of the issuance date of this Disclosure 
Document.  If you buy a franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other buyers when you leave 
the franchise system.  
 
 The number of franchises as of year -end may differ from that in the audited financial statements 
(Exhibit C to this Disclosure Document) as the financial statements also include franchises in Puerto Rico, 
Dominican Republic, Turks & Caicos, the Cayman Islands and the Bahamas. 
 
During the past three years, franchisees have signed confidentiality clauses with us.  In some 
instances, current and former franchisees sign provisions restricting their ability to speak openly about their 
experience with us.  You may wish to speak with current and former franchisees, but be aware that not all 
such franchisees will be able to communicate with you.  From time to time, we may assemble a franchise 
advisory council that includes franchisees to meet with corporate representatives to advise on issues related 
to the System.  We will sponsor the council and select the franchisees that participate on the council.  
Contact information for the council will be the same as our contact information.    
 
ITEM 21 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 , 2023 and 

78 
 
Park Inn by Radisson – Franchise Disclosure Document –  April 1, 2025 
 
 
2022 are included in this disclosure document as Exhibit C.    
 
ITEM 22 
CONTRACTS 
 
 Attached as Exhibits D through I as well as Exhibits N through P to this disclosure document are 
copies of the agreements you may be required to sign or accept. These are the Franchise Agreement 
(including Personal Guaranty and State Addenda to the Franchise Agreement), choiceADVANTAGE® 
Software Terms of Use, ResConnect Terms of Use, Promissory Note, Incentive Promissory Note,  Lender 
Documents, the Comfort Letter, and Franchise Disclosure Acknowledgment Form.  
 
ITEM 23 
RECEIPTS 
 
 Two copies of a detachable receipt are found at the end of this Disclosure Document. 
 

EXHIBIT A 
 

65618916v1 
 
 
STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDA FOR THE FOLLOWING STATES: 
 
 
CALIFORNIA  
HAWAII 
ILLINOIS 
MARYLAND 
MICHIGAN 
MINNESOTA 
NEW YORK 
NORTH DAKOTA 
RHODE ISLAND 
VIRGINIA 
WASHINGTON 
WISCONSIN 
 
  

65618916v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR CALIFORNIA 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document, the following 
provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of California: 
 
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL 
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE DELIVERED 
TOGETHER WITH THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
 
OUR WEBSITE HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION. ANY COMPLAINTS 
CONCERNING THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE MAY BE DIRECTED TO THE CALIFORNIA 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION AT WWW.DFPI.CA.GOV
. 
 
CALIFORNIA CORPORATIONS CODE, SECTION 31125 REQUIRES CHOICE HOTELS 
INTERNATIONAL, INC. TO GIVE YOU A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, APPROVED BY THE 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION PRIOR TO A SOLICITATION 
OF A PROPOSED MATERIAL MODIFICATION OF AN EXISTING FRANCHISE. 
 
Each owner of the franchise is required to execute a personal guaranty. Doing so could jeopardize the 
marital assets of non-owner spouses domiciled in community property states such as California. 
 
Registration of this franchise does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the 
Commissioner. 
 
ITEM 3 LITIGATION 
 
1. We are not subject to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national 
securities exchange, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78 a et seq., 
suspending or expelling these persons from membership in such association or exchange. 
 
ITEM 6 OTHER FEES 
 
1. The maximum interest rate in California is 10% annually. 
 
ITEM 10 FINANCING 
 
1. We will comply with all appropriate laws governing any direct financing offered by us to you 
including, if applicable, the California Finance Lenders Law. 
 
2. Item 10 of the FDD is amended to provide that Balboa Capital Corporation, Ascentium Capital 
LLC,  and Avana Capital all operate in California under a California Finance Lender license.   PMC 
Commercial Trust holds a license issued directly by the Small Business Administration (“SBA”) 
that allows it to make SBA 7a loans in every state, including the State of California.  
 
ITEM 17 RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION  
 
1. California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to you 
concerning termination, transfer or non-renewal of a franchise. If the Franchise Agreement contains 
a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 
 

65618916v1 
 
 
2. The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be 
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.). 
 
3. The Franchise Agreement contains a provision requiring application of the laws of Maryland. This 
provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
 
4. The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
termination of the franchise.  This provision may not be enforceable under California law.  . 
 
5. The Franchise Agreement requires you to execute a general release of claims upon renewal or 
transfer of the Franchise Agreement. California Corporations Code Section 31512 provides that 
any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to 
waive compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or order is void. Section 31512 voids 
a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code Section 
31000-31516).  Business and Professions Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under 
the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000-20043). 
 
6. The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause.  Under Civil Code Section 1671 
certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable. 
 
7. The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur at our 
headquarters in Rockville, Maryland with the costs being borne by the non- prevailing party. 
Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the 
applicability of California and Federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 
20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provision 
of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.  
 
8. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud i n the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise. 

NEGOTIATED CHANGE APPENDIX FOR USE IN CALIFORNIA
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 31109.1 of the California Franchise Investment Law, the 
following is a summary of negotiated changes made during the last 12 months: 
1. Modification to term. 
2. Modification to liquidated damages. 
3. Modification to the territory to provide for an exclusive area. 
Copies of the negotiated terms are available upon request.  You can direct your inquiry to Choice’s 
General Counsel at 915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 and at (301) 592-5000. 

65618916v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PURSUANT TO 
THE HAWAII FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
 
These franchises will be/have been filed under the Franchise Investment law of the State of Hawaii.  Filing 
does not constitute approval, recommendation or endorsement by the director of regulatory agencies  or a 
finding by the director of regulatory agencies  that the information provided herein is true, complete, and 
not misleading. 
 
The Franchise Investment Law makes it unlawful to offer or sell any franchise in this state without first 
providing to the prospective franchisee or subfranchisor, at least seven (7) days prior to the execution by 
the prospective franchisee, of any binding franchise or other agreement, or at least seven (7) days prior to 
the payment of any consideration by the franchisee or subfranchisor, whichever occurs first, a copy of the 
Franchise Disclosure Document, together will a copy of all proposed agreements relating to the sale of the 
franchise. 
 
This Franchise Disclosure Document contains a summary only of certain material provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement.  The contract or agreement should be referred to for a statement of all rights, 
conditions, restrictions and obligations of both the franchisor and the franchisee. 
 
 
 
 

65618916v1 
 
 
ILLINIOS ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PURSUANT TO  
THE ILLINOIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACT 
 
1. Item 17, Additional Disclosures.  The following statements are added to Item 17: 
Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement. 
 
Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any provision in a franchise 
agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue outside the State of Illinois is void.  However, a 
franchise agreement may provide for arbitration outside of Illinois.   
 
Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any condition, stipulation or 
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
 
Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise agreement are set forth in sections 19 
and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.   
 
2. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise. 

65618916v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR MARYLAND 
The following provisions will apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of Maryland.  Item 
numbers correspond to those in the main body of the disclosure document. 
ITEM 17 
1. Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure law must be brought 
within 3 years after we grant you a franchise. 
2. Our termination of the Franchise Agreement because of your bankruptcy may not be enforceable 
under applicable federal law (11 U.S.C.A. 101 et seq.). 
3. The release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement will not apply to any liability under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law (COMAR 02.02.08.16L). 
4. You may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration 
and Disclosure Law. 
5. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) discla iming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise. 
  

65618916v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PURSUANT TO 
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
 
If and to the extent the Minnesota Franchise Investment Law applies to the Franchise Agreement, the 
following provisions supersede the Franchise Disclosure Document and apply to all franchises offered and 
sold in Minnesota. 
 
State Cover Page and Item 17, Additional Disclosures: 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation to be 
conducted outside of Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial or requiring the franchisee to 
consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.  In addition, nothing in the 
Disclosure Document shall abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minn. Stat. Sec. 
80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
Franchisee cannot consent to the franchisor obtaining injunctive relief.  The franchisor may seek 
injunctive relief.  A court will determine if a bond is required. 
 
Item 6, Additional Disclosure: 
 
NSF checks are governed by Minn. Stat. 604.113, which puts a cap of $30 on service charges.   
 
Item 13, Additional Disclosures: 
 
The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that a franchisor indemnify Minnesota 
Franchisees against liability to third parties resulting from claims by third parties that the 
franchisee’s use of the franchisor’s trademark infringes upon the trademark rights of the third party.  
The franchisor does not indemnify against the consequences of a franchisee’s use of a franchisor’s 
trademark except in accordance with the requirements of the franchise agreement, and as the 
condition to an indemnification, the franchisee must provide notice to the franchisor of any such 
claim immediately and tender the defense of the claim to the franchisor.  If the franchisor accepts 
tender of defense, the franchisor has the right to manage the defense of the claim, including the 
right to compromise, settle or otherwise resolve the claim, or to determine whether to appeal a final 
determination of the claim. 
 
Item 17, Additional Disclosures: 
 
1. Any condition, stipulation or provision, including any choice of law provision, purporting to bind 
any person who, at the time of acquiring a franchise is a resident of the State of Minnesota or in the 
case of a partnership or corporation, organized or incorporated under the laws of the State of 
Minnesota, or purporting to bind a person acquiring any franchise to be operated in the State of 
Minnesota to waive compliance or which has the effect of waiving compliance with any provision 
of the Minnesota Franchise Law is void. 
 
2. Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination and non- renewal rights.  Minnesota 
Statutes, Section 80C.14, Subdivisions 3, 4 and 5 require, except in certain specified cases, that a 
franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for 
non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement. 
 

65618916v1 
 
 
2. Minnesota Rule 2860.4400D prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to assent to a 
general release, assignment, novation, or waiver that would relieve any person from liability 
imposed by Minnesota Statute §§80C.01 – 80C.22. 
 
3. The limitations of claims section must comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.17, subd. 5. 
 
4. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise. 
 
 

65618916v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR NEW YORK 
1. The following information is added to the Cover Page of the Franchise Disclosure Document: 
INFORMATION COMPARING FRANCHISORS IS AVAILABLE. CALL THE STATE 
ADMINISTRATORS LISTED IN EXHIBIT A OR YOUR PUBLIC LIBRARY FOR SERVICES 
OR INFORMATION. REGISTRATION OF THIS FRANCHISE BY NEW YORK STATE 
DOES NOT MEAN THAT NEW YORK STATE RECOMMENDS IT OR HAS VERIFIED THE 
INFORMATION IN THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. IF YOU LEARN 
ANYTHING IN THIS  FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT IS UNTRUE, CONTACT 
THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION AND THE APPROPRIATE STATE OR 
PROVINCIAL AUTHORITY. THE FRANCHISOR MAY, IF IT CHOOSES, NEGOTIATE 
WITH YOU ABOUT ITEMS COVERED IN THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
HOWEVER, THE FRANCHISOR CANNOT USE THE NEGOTIATING PROCESS TO 
PREVAIL UPON A PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE TO ACCEPT TERMS THAT ARE LESS 
FAVORABLE THAN THOSE SET FORTH IN THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE 
DOCUMENT. 
2. The following is to be added at the end of Item 3: 
Except as provided above, with regard to the franchisor, its predecessor, a person identified in Item 2, 
or an affiliate offering franchises under the franchisor’s principal trademark: 
 
A. No such party has an administrative, criminal or civil action pending against that person alleging: 
a felony, a violation of a franchise, antitrust, or securities law, fraud, embezzlement, fraudulent 
conversion, misappropriation of property, unfair or dece ptive practices, or comparable civil or 
misdemeanor allegations. 
 
B. No such party has pending actions, other than routine litigation incidental to the business, which 
are significant in the context of the number of franchisees and the size, nature or financial condition of 
the franchise system or its business operations. 
 
C. No such party has been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo contendere to a felony charge or, 
within the 10 year period immediately preceding the application for registration, has been convicted of 
or pleaded nolo contendere to a misdemeanor charge or has been the subject of a civil action alleging: 
violation of a franchise, antifraud, or securities law; fraud; embezzlement; fraudulent conversion or 
misappropriation of property; or unfair or deceptive practices or comparable allegations. 
 
D. No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order or decree relating to 
the franchise, or under a Federal, State, or Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust, trade regulation or 
trade practice law, resulting from a conclud ed or pending action or proceeding brought by a public 
agency; or is subject to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national 
securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or expel ling 
such person from membership in such association or exchange; or is subject to a currently effective 
injunctive or restrictive order relating to any other business activity as a result of an action brought by 
a public agency or department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as a real estate 
broker or sales agent. 
 
3. The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), “Requirements for you 
to renew or extend,” and Item 17(m) “Conditions for our approval of transfer”: 

65618916v1 
 
 
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of action arising 
in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York 
and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso that the  
non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687(4) and 687(5) be satisfied. 
 
4. The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), “Termination by you”: 
 You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law. 
 
5. The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), “Choice of forum”, and 
Item 17(w), “Choice of law”: 
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right  conferred upon the 
franchisor or the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York. 
  
6. Franchisee Questionnaires and Acknowledgements -  
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud i n the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on 
any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
 
7.  Receipts--Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act (N.Y. Gen. 
Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document (offering 
prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee befo re a sale may be made. New York law 
requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first personal 
meeting, ten (10) business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or the payment 
of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.

65618916v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR NORTH DAKOTA 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document, the following 
provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of North Dakota: 
 
1. Restrictive Covenants: Covenants not to compete during the term of and upon termination or 
expiration of the franchise agreement are enforceable only under certain conditions according to 
North Dakota law.  If the Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete that is 
inconsistent with North Dakota law, the covenant may be unenforceable.   
 
2. Situs of Arbitration/Litigation Proceedings: Any provision requiring franchisees to consent to the 
jurisdiction of courts outside North Dakota or to consent to the application of laws of a state other 
than North Dakota may be unenforceable under North Dakota law.  Any mediation or arbitration 
will be held at a site agreeable to all parties.  If the laws of a state other than North Dakota govern, 
to the extent that such law conflicts with North Dakota law, North Dakota law will control.   
 
3. Restriction of Forum: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts 
outside North Dakota.  
 
4. Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to 
liquidated damages or termination penalties. 
 
5. Applicable Laws: Franchise agreements which specify that any claims arising under the North 
Dakota franchise law will be governed by the laws of a state other than North Dakota. 
 
6. Waiver of Trial by Jury: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the waiver of a trial by 
jury. 
 
7. Waiver of Exemplary and Punitive Damages: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to a 
waiver of exemplary and punitive damages. 
 
8. General Release: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to execute a general release of claims as a 
condition of renewal or transfer of a franchise. 
 
9. Limitation of Claims: Requiring that North Dakota franchisees to consent to a limitation of claims. 
The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies. 
 
10. Enforcement of Agreement: Requiring that North Dakota franchisees  pay all costs and expenses 
incurred by the franchisor in enforcing the agreement. The prevailing party in any enforcement 
action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses including attorney’s fees.  
 
11. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise.

65618916v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISLCOSURE DOCUMENT FOR RHODE ISLAND 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document, the 
following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of Rhode Island. 
 
ITEM 17 RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION  
 
 §19-28.1.- 14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “ A provision in a 
franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or requiring the application 
of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under this Act.” 
 

65618916v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISLCOSURE DOCUMENT FOR VIRGINIA 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document, the 
following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of Virginia. 
 
ITEM 17 RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION  
 
 Any provision in any of the contracts that you sign with us which provides for termination of the 
franchise upon the bankruptcy of the franchisee may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 
U.S.C. 101 et. seq.). 
 
Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a franchisor 
to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any ground for default or termination stated in the 
franchise agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in the Virginia 
Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be enforceable. 
 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 

65618916v1 
WASHINGTON ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, THE 
FRANCHISE  AGREEMENT, AND ALL RELATED AGREEMENTS 
The provisions of this Addendum form an integral part of, are incorporated into, and modify the 
Franchise Disclosure Document, the franchise agreement, and all related agreements regardless of 
anything to the contrary contained therein. This Addendum applies if: (a) the offer to sell a franchise 
is accepted in Washington; (b) the purchaser of the franchise is a resident of Washington; and/or (c) 
the franchised business that is the subject of the sale is to be located or operated, wholly or partly, in 
Washington. 
1. Conflict of Laws. In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act, chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.
2. Franchisee Bill of Rights. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in the 
franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the franchisor, 
including in the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions 
that supersede the franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the 
franchisor. Franchise agreement provisions, including those summarized in Item 17 of the Franchise 
Disclosure Document, are subject to state law.
3. Site of Arbitration, Mediation, and/or Litigation. In any arbitration or mediation 
involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will be either in the 
state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the arbitration or mediation, or 
as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or mediation. In addition, if 
litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an action or proceeding 
arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act, in Washington. 
4. General Release. A release or waiver of rights in the franchise agreement or related 
agreements purporting to bind the franchisee to waive compliance with any provision under the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rules or orders thereunder is void except 
when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the 
parties are represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2). In addition, 
any such release or waiver executed in connection with a renewal or transfer of a franchise is likewise 
void except as provided for in RCW 19.100.220(2).
5. Statute of Limitations and Waiver of Jury Trial. Provisions contained in the franchise 
agreement or related agreements that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for 
claims under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights or remedies under the Act 
such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.
6. Transfer Fees. Transfer fees are collectable only to the extent that they reflect 
the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.
7. Termination by Franchisee. The franchisee may terminate the franchise agreement 
under any grounds permitted under state law.

65618916v1 
8. Certain Buy-Back Provisions. Provisions in franchise agreements or related 
agreements that permit the franchisor to repurchase the franchisee’s business for any reason during the 
term of the franchise agreement without the franchisee’s consent are unlawful pursuant to RCW 
19.100.180(2)(j), unless the franchise is terminated for good cause.
9. Fair and Reasonable Pricing. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related 
agreements that requires the franchisee to purchase or rent any product or service for more than a fair 
and reasonable price is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(d).
10. Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages. RCW 19.100.190 permits franchisees to 
seek treble damages under certain circumstances. Accordingly, provisions contained in the franchise 
agreement or elsewhere requiring franchisees to waive exemplary, punitive, or similar damages are void, 
except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the 
parties are represented by independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2).
11. Franchisor’s Business Judgement. Provisions in the franchise agreement or related 
agreements stating that the franchisor may exercise its discretion on the basis of its reasonable business 
judgment may be limited or superseded by RCW 19.100.180(1), which requires the parties to deal with 
each other in good faith.
12. Indemnification. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related agreements 
requiring the franchisee to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the franchisor or other parties 
is hereby modified such that the franchisee has no obligation to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold 
harmless the franchisor or any other indemnified party for losses or liabilities to the extent that they are 
caused by the indemnified party’s negligence, willful misconduct, strict liability, or fraud.
13. Attorneys’ Fees. If the franchise agreement or related agreements require a 
franchisee to reimburse the franchisor for court costs or expenses, including attorneys’ fees, such 
provision applies only if the franchisor is the prevailing party in any judicial or arbitration 
proceeding.
14. Noncompetition Covenants. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant 
is void and unenforceable against an employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the 
employee’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year 
(an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void 
and unenforceable against an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the 
independent contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed 
$250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any provision 
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflicts with these limitations is void and 
unenforceable in Washington.
15. Nonsolicitation Agreements. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, 
restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the 
same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor. As a result, any such 
provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in 
Washington. 

65618916v1 
16. Questionnaires and Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or 
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the 
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state 
franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made 
by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.
17. Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the franchise 
agreement or related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from communicating with or 
complaining to regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document and is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h).
18. Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act, a “franchise broker” is defined as a person that engages in the business of 
the offer or sale of franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is paid a fee for referring 
prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee is working with a franchise 
broker, franchisees are advised to carefully evaluate any information provided by the franchise broker 
about a franchise. 

65618916v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR WISCONSIN 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure document, the 
following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of 
Wisconsin: 
 
1. Registration does not constitute approval, recommendation or endorsement by the 
Commissioner of Securities of the State of Wisconsin. 
 
2. The following will apply to Franchise Agreements in the State of Wisconsin: 
 
 a. The Wisconsin Fair Dealership Act, Wisconsin Statutes, Chapter 135 will apply to 
and govern the provisions of Franchise Agreements or related contracts issued in the State 
of Wisconsin. 
 
b. For all franchisees residing in the State of Wisconsin, we will provide you at least 
ninety (90) days' notice of termination, cancellation, non-renewal or substantial change in 
competitive circumstances, and sixty (60) days to remedy claimed deficiencies, will 
supersede the requirements of the Franchise Agreement to the extent they may be  
inconsistent with the Act's requirements.  If the reason for termination, cancellation, or 
substantial change in competitive circumstances is nonpayment of sums due under the 
franchise, you will have 10 days to cure the deficiency. 
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT B 
 

REGISTERED AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS 
CALIFORNIA 
Los Angeles 
320 West 4th Street, Suite 750  
Los Angeles, CA 90013-2344 
(213) 576-7500 
Sacramento 
2101 Arena Boulevard  
Sacramento, CA 95834 
(916) 445-7205 
San Diego 
1455 Frazee Road, Suite 315 
San Diego, CA 92108 
(619) 525-4233 
San Francisco 
California Financial Protection and 
Innovation Commissioner 
One Sansome Street, Suite 600 
San Francisco, CA 94104 
ILLINOIS   
Corporation Service Company  
801 Adlai Stevenson Drive  
Springfield, IL 62703  
Or 
Attorney General State of Illinois  
500 South Second Street  
Springfield, IL 62706 
INDIANA   
Corporation Service Company  
Two Market Square Center  
251 East Ohio Street, Suite 500  
Indianapolis, IN 46204 
Or  
Indiana Secretary of State  
Securities Division 
302 West Washington 
Street Room E-111 
Indiana Government Center South 
Indianapolis, IN 46204 
MARYLAND   
Corporation Service Company 
7 St. Paul Street, Suite 1660 
Baltimore, MD 21202 
Or 
Maryland Securities Commissioner 
200 St. Paul Place 
Baltimore, MD 21202-2020 
MICHIGAN   
Corporation Service Company 
601 Abbot Road 
East Lansing, MI 48823 
MINNESOTA   
Corporation Service Company 
380 Jackson Street, Suite 700 
St. Paul, MN 55101 
Or 
Commissioner of Commerce 
85 7th Place East, Suite 280 
Minneapolis, MN 55101-2198 
NEW YORK 
New York Department of State 
One Commerce Plaza 
99 Washington Avenue, 6th 
Floor Albany, NY 12231-0001 
518-473-2492 
Or 
Secretary of State  
41 State Street 
Albany, NY 12231 
NORTH DAKOTA  
Corporation Service Company 
316 North 5th Street 
P.O. Box 1695 
Bismarck, ND 58202 
Or 
Securities Commissioner 
North Dakota Securities Department 
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation 
1-866-275-2677 
HAWAII   
Commissioner of Securities of the State of Hawaii 
Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs 
Business Registration / Securities Compliance 
335 Merchant Street, Room 203 
Honolulu, HI 96813 
And 
Corporation Service Company 
1003 Bishop Street, Suite 1600 
Pauahi Tower 
Honolulu, HI 96813 

600 East Boulevard Avenue 
State Capitol, Fifth Floor, Dept 414 
Bismarck, ND 58505 
RHODE ISLAND  
Director of Department of Business Regulation 
Securities Division 
Building 69, First Floor, John O. Pastore Center 
1511 Pontiac Avenue 
Cranston, Rhode Island 02920 
SOUTH DAKOTA  
Corporation Service Company 
503 South Pierre Street  
Pierre, SD 57501 
And 
Division of Insurance  
Securities Regulation  
124 S. Euclid, Suite 104  
Pierre, South Dakota 57501 
VIRGINIA  
Bank of America Center, 16th Floor 
111 East Main Street 
Richmond, VA 23219 
Or 
Clerk of the State Corporation Commission 
1300 E. Main Street, 1st Floor 
Richmond, VA 23219 
WASHINGTON   
Department of Financial Institutions 
150 Israel Rd SW 
Tumwater, WA98501 
WISCONSIN   
Corporation Service Company 
8040 Excelsior Drive 
Suite 400 
Madison, WI 53717 

REGULATORY AUTHORITIES 
CALIFORNIA 
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation 
1-866-275-2677 
Los Angeles 
320 West 4th Street, Suite 750  
Los Angeles, CA 90013-2344 
(213) 576-7500 
Sacramento 
2101 Arena Boulevard  
Sacramento, CA 95834 
(916) 445-7205 
San Diego 
1350 Front Street, Room 2034 
San Diego, CA 92101-3697 
(619) 525-4233 
San Francisco 
One Sansome Street, Suite 600 
San Francisco, CA 94104-
4428 (415) 972-8565 
HAWAII  
Commissioner of Securities of the State of 
Hawaii Department of Commerce and Consumer 
Affairs Business Registration / Securities 
Compliance 335 Merchant Street, Room 203 
Honolulu, HI 96813 
(808) 586-2722 
ILLINOIS  
Illinois Attorney General  
500 South Second Street  
Springfield, IL 62706  
(217) 782-4465 
INDIANA  
Securities Commissioner 
Securities Division 
302 West Washington Street, Room E-111 
Indianapolis, IN 46204 
(317) 232-6681  
MARYLAND  
Office of the Attorney General 
Division of Securities 
200 St. Paul Place 
Baltimore, MD 21202-2020 
(410) 576-6360 
MICHIGAN  
Consumer Protection Division  
Attn: Antitrust and Franchise Unit  
G. Mennen Williams Building  
525 W. Ottawa Street 
Lansing, MI 48913 
(517) 373-7117 
MINNESOTA  
Commissioner of Commerce 
Minnesota Department of Commerce 
85 7th Place East, Suite 280 
St. Paul, MN 55101 
651-539-1600 
NEW YORK 
NYS Department of Law  
Investor Protection Bureau  
28 Liberty Street, 21st Floor  
New York, NY 10005 
212-416-8236 
NORTH DAKOTA 
North Dakota Securities Department 
State of North Dakota 
State Capitol, 5th Floor 
600 East Boulevard Avenue 
Bismarck, ND 58505-0510 
(701) 328-2910 
OREGON  
Division of Finance & Corp. Securities 
Department of Consumer & Business Services 
350 Winter Street NE 
Room 410 
Salem, OR 97301-3881 
(503) 378-4140 

RHODE ISLAND 
Department of Business Regulation 
Securities Division 
Building 69, First Floor, John O. Pastore Center 
1511 Pontiac Avenue 
Cranston, Rhode Island 02920 
(401) 462-9527 
SOUTH DAKOTA 
Division of Insurance  
Securities Regulation  
124 S. Euclid, Suite 104  
Pierre, SD 57501 
(605) 773-3563 
VIRGINIA  
State Corporation Commission 
Division of Securities & Retail Franchising 
1300 East Main Street, 9th Floor 
Richmond, VA 23219 
(804) 371-9051 
WASHINGTON  
Director of Securities Division 
Department of Financial Institutions 
150 Israel Road, SW 
Olympia, WA 98501 
(360) 902-8760 
WISCONSIN  
Commissioner of Securities 
Department of Financial Institutions 
Division of Securities 4822 
Madison Yards Way, North Tower 
Madison, WI 53705 

EXHIBIT C 
 

Table of Contents
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Page No.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42) 53
Consolidated Statements of Income 55
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 56
Consolidated Balance Sheets 57
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 58
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' (Deficit) Equity 60
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 61
52


Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc.
Opinion on the Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Choice Hotels International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2024and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the three years in theperiod ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidatedfinancial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of itsoperations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accountingprinciples.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internalcontrol over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee ofSponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 20, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financialstatements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company inaccordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonableassurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures toassess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Suchprocedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluatingthe accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Webelieve that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matter
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required tobe communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved ourespecially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on theconsolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on thecritical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
53


Table of Contents
Accounting for Choice Privileges Loyalty Program
Description of theMatter The Company recognized $123.2 million in revenues from loyalty points redeemed, net of the cost of redemptions, and had a pointliability and deferred revenue of $129.6 million and $110.4 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2024, associated with theChoice Privileges Loyalty Program.
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, loyalty points earned represent a performance obligation
attributable to usage of the points, and thus revenues are recognized at the point in time when the loyalty points are redeemed bymembers for benefits. The liability for the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program is developed based on an estimate of the eventualredemption rates on future redemption behavior using various actuarial methods and point values. The amount of the Choice
Privileges Loyalty Program fees in excess of the point liability represents deferred revenue, which is recognized to revenue as pointsare redeemed including an estimate of future forfeitures.
Auditing the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program results is complex due to: (1) the complexity of the models used and the high
volume of data to monitor and account for Choice Privileges Loyalty Program results; and (2) the complexity of estimating thefuture redemption rate. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates requires a high degree ofauditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, which includes the use of actuarial specialists.
How We Addressedthe Matter in OurAudit
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company’s processof accounting for the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program during the year. For example, we tested controls over management’sreview of the assumptions and data inputs used in the accounting model and the actuarial methods used to estimate the ultimateredemption rate of Choice Privileges Loyalty Program points.
To test the recognition of revenues and liabilities associated with the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program, we performed auditprocedures that included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of the data and significant assumptions used in the
models and assessing the accounting models developed by the Company to recognize the related revenue and the liabilities. Forexample, we tested significant inputs into the accounting models, including the amounts received and paid by the Choice PrivilegesLoyalty Program as well as the recognition of points earned and redeemed during the period. With the assistance of our actuarial
specialists, we evaluated management’s methodologies as well as the actuarial assumptions used in estimating the Choice PrivilegesLoyalty Program expected redemption rates.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2014.
Tysons, Virginia
February 20, 2025
54


Table of Contents
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
 
Years Ended December 31,
2024 2023 2022
REVENUES
Royalty, licensing and management fees $ 514,569 $ 513,412 $ 471,759 
Initial franchise fees 25,606 27,787 28,074 
Platform and procurement services fees 75,752 75,114 63,800 
Owned hotels 113,459 97,641 70,826 
Other 61,803 46,051 64,740 
Other revenues from franchised and managed properties 793,650 784,160 702,750 
Total revenues 1,584,839 1,544,165 1,401,949 
OPERATING EXPENSES
Selling, general and administrative 219,878 216,081 167,697 
Business combination, diligence and transition costs 17,233 55,778 39,578 
Depreciation and amortization 43,282 39,659 30,425 
Owned hotels 83,148 71,474 48,837 
Other expenses from franchised and managed properties 757,525 782,409 653,060 
Total operating expenses 1,121,066 1,165,401 939,597 
Impairment of long-lived assets — (3,736) — 
Gain on sale of business and assets, net — — 16,249 
Operating income 463,773 375,028 478,601 
OTHER EXPENSES AND INCOME, NET
Interest expense 87,131 63,780 43,797 
Interest income (8,646) (7,764) (7,288)
Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 331 (4,416) — 
Other loss (gain) 1,641 (10,649) 7,018 
Equity in net gain of affiliates (12,329) (2,879) (1,732)
Total other expenses and income, net 68,128 38,072 41,795 
Income before income taxes 395,645 336,956 436,806 
Income tax expense 95,980 78,449 104,654 
Net income $ 299,665 $ 258,507 $ 332,152 
Basic earnings per share $ 6.26 $ 5.11 $ 6.05 
Diluted earnings per share $ 6.20 $ 5.07 $ 5.99 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
55


Table of Contents
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(IN THOUSANDS)
Years Ended December 31,
2024 2023 2022
Net income $ 299,665 $ 258,507 $ 332,152 
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax:
Foreign currency translation adjustment (522) (460) (637)
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: (522) (460) (637)
Comprehensive income $ 299,143 $ 258,047 $ 331,515 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
56


Table of Contents
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)
December 31, 2024 December 31,2023
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 40,177 $ 26,754 
Accounts receivables (net of allowance for credit losses of $45,610 and $39,265, respectively)176,672 195,896 
Income taxes receivable 5,419 14,283 
Notes receivable (net of allowance for credit losses of $5,805 and $3,035, respectively) 75,501 20,766 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 41,317 38,831 
Total current assets 339,086 296,530 
Property and equipment, net 604,345 493,478 
Operating lease right-of-use assets 83,451 85,101 
Goodwill 220,187 220,187 
Intangible assets, net 884,013 811,075 
Notes receivable (net of allowance for credit losses of $1,526 and $5,581, respectively) 32,682 78,900 
Investments in equity securities, at fair value — 116,374 
Investments for employee benefit plans, at fair value 47,603 39,751 
Investments in affiliates 117,016 70,579 
Deferred income taxes 108,308 89,535 
Other assets 93,836 93,289 
Total assets $ 2,530,527 $ 2,394,799 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ (DEFICIT) EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable $ 134,865 $ 131,284 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 136,729 109,248 
Deferred revenue 102,114 108,316 
Liability for guest loyalty program 89,013 94,574 
Current portion of long-term debt — 499,268 
Total current liabilities 462,721 942,690 
Long-term debt 1,768,526 1,068,751 
Long-term deferred revenue 132,259 133,501 
Deferred compensation and retirement plan obligations 53,316 45,657 
Income taxes payable — 8,601 
Operating lease liabilities 113,255 109,483 
Liability for guest loyalty program 40,607 43,266 
Other liabilities 5,114 7,252 
Total liabilities 2,575,798 2,359,201 
Commitments and contingencies (Note 23)
Common stock, $0.01 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized; 95,065,638 shares issued at December 31, 2024 and December
31, 2023; 46,856,567 and 49,526,245 shares outstanding at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively951 951 
Additional paid-in-capital 370,201 330,750 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (6,193) (5,671)
Treasury stock, at cost; 48,209,071 and 45,539,393 shares at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively(2,411,527) (2,046,791)
Retained earnings 2,001,297 1,756,359 
Total shareholders’ (deficit) equity (45,271) 35,598 
Total liabilities and shareholders’ (deficit) equity $ 2,530,527 $ 2,394,799 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
57


Table of Contents
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS(IN THOUSANDS)
 Years Ended December 31,
 2024 2023 2022
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income $ 299,665 $ 258,507 $ 332,152 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 43,282 39,659 30,425 
Depreciation and amortization - other expenses from franchised and managed properties 27,578 36,076 33,488 
Franchise agreement acquisition cost amortization 28,702 20,024 15,666 
Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 331 (4,416) — 
Impairment of long-lived assets — 3,736 — 
Gain on sale of business and assets, net — — (16,251)
Non-cash share-based compensation and other charges 43,250 46,809 42,974 
Non-cash interest, investments, and affiliate (income) loss, net (7,282) (8,747) 7,365 
Deferred income taxes (19,028) (1,336) (19,642)
Equity in net (gain) loss of affiliates, less distributions received (2,327) (1,570) 489 
Franchise agreement acquisition costs, net of reimbursements (112,164) (98,316) (54,527)
Change in working capital and other 17,396 6,128 (5,078)
Net cash provided by operating activities 319,403 296,554 367,061 
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Investments in other property and equipment (39,102) (47,717) (24,140)
Investments in owned hotel properties (106,750) (68,560) (65,814)
Contributions to investments in affiliates (52,768) (38,930) (3,148)
Issuances of notes receivable (37,994) (4,323) (5,647)
Purchases of equity securities — (112,420) — 
Business acquisition, net of cash acquired — — (550,431)
Distributions from sales of affiliates 15,850 868 — 
Collections of notes receivable 32,100 10,852 975 
Proceeds from sales of equity securities 108,149 — — 
Proceeds from the sale of assets and business — — 166,568 
Proceeds from the termination of intangible assets — — 44,711 
Other items, net (4,056) (5,396) (5,504)
Net cash used in investing activities (84,571) (265,626) (442,430)
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Net borrowings (repayments) pursuant to revolving credit facilities 111,500 (131,500) 360,000 
Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 593,574 500,000 — 
Repayment of long-term debt (500,000) — (216,571)
Payments to extinguish acquired debt — — (55,975)
Proceeds from acquired derivative — — 1,943 
Debt issuance costs (8,069) (1,553) (44)
Purchases of treasury stock (380,743) (362,772) (434,767)
Dividends paid (55,497) (56,457) (52,545)
Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 17,525 6,345 3,809 
Net cash used in financing activities (221,710) (45,937) (394,150)
Net change in cash and cash equivalents 13,122 (15,009) (469,519)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 301 197 (520)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 26,754 41,566 511,605 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period $ 40,177 $ 26,754 $ 41,566 
58


Table of Contents
 Years Ended December 31,
 2024 2023 2022
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash payments during the year for
Income taxes, net of refunds $ 108,173 $ 94,342 $ 115,972 
Interest, net of capitalized interest $ 67,176 $ 60,773 $ 46,908 
   Non-cash investing and financing activities
Dividends declared but not paid $ 13,471 $ 14,902 $ 13,136 
Investments in property, equipment, and intangible assets recognized in accounts payable and accrued expenseliabilities $ 23,284 $ 10,291 $ 5,383 
Asset acquisition from extinguishment of note receivable $ — $ — $ 20,446 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
59


Table of Contents
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)
CommonStock -SharesOutstanding
CommonStock -ParValue
AdditionalPaid-in-Capital
Accumulated OtherComprehensiveIncome (Loss) TreasuryStock RetainedEarnings Total
Balance as of December 31, 2021 55,609,226 $ 951 $ 259,317 $ (4,574) $ (1,265,032) $ 1,275,220 $ 265,882 
Net income — — — — — 332,152 332,152 
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax — — — (637) — — (637)
Share-based payment activity 294,095 — 38,736 — 4,941 — 43,677 
Dividends declared ($0.95 per share) — — — — — (51,648) (51,648)
Treasury purchases (3,702,418) — — — (434,766) — (434,766)
Balance as of December 31, 2022 52,200,903 $ 951 $ 298,053 $ (5,211) $ (1,694,857) $ 1,555,724 $ 154,660 
Net income — — — — — 258,507 258,507 
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax — — — (460) — — (460)
Share-based payment activity 366,121 — 32,697 — 13,889 — 46,586 
Dividends declared ($1.15 per share) — — — — — (57,872) (57,872)
Treasury purchases (3,040,779) — — — (365,823) — (365,823)
Balance as of December 31, 2023 49,526,245 $ 951 $ 330,750 $ (5,671) $ (2,046,791) $ 1,756,359 $ 35,598 
Net income — — — — — 299,665 299,665 
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax — — — (522) — — (522)
Share-based payment activity 437,268 — 39,451 — 13,659 — 53,110 
Dividends declared ($1.15 per share) — — — — — (54,727) (54,727)
Treasury purchases (3,106,946) — — — (378,395) — (378,395)
Balance as of December 31, 2024 46,856,567 $ 951 $ 370,201 $ (6,193) $ (2,411,527) $ 2,001,297 $ (45,271)
During certain periods presented, accumulated dividends were paid to certain shareholders upon vesting of their PVRSUs, which are presented in Share-based payment activity.
 Beginning January 1, 2023, Treasury purchases include a 1% excise tax as imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1) 
(2)
60


Table of Contents
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
1. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Choice Hotels International, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, "Choice" or the "Company") have been
prepared by the Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions between the Company and its
subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation.
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In the opinion of management, the
accompanying consolidated financial statements include all adjustments that are necessary to fairly present the Company's financial position and results of
operations. Except as otherwise disclosed, all adjustments are of a normal recurring nature.
Certain prior year amounts in our consolidated financial statements have been reclassified in order to maintain comparability with the current year presentation.
Business combination, diligence and transition costs, which were previously presented in selling, general and administrative expenses, are now presented
within a standalone financial statement line item in the consolidated statements of income. The reclassification had no effect on the Company’s previously
reported operating income or net income. Investments in owned hotel properties and investments in other property and equipment, which were previously
presented in investments in property and equipment, are now presented within standalone financial statement line items in the consolidated statements of cash
flows. The reclassification had no effect on the Company's previously reported net cash used in investing activities or the net change in cash and cash
equivalents. Purchases of investments for employee benefit plans, investments in intangible assets, asset acquisitions, net of cash paid, and proceeds from sales
of investments for employee benefit plans, which were previously presented in standalone financial statement line items, are now presented within other items,
net in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The reclassification had no effect on the Company's previously reported net cash used in investing activities or
the net change in cash and cash equivalents.
Acquisition of Radisson Hotels Americas
On August 11, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition (the "Transaction") of (1) all of the issued and outstanding shares of Radisson Hospitality, Inc.,
and (2) certain trademarks held by Radisson Hospitality Belgium BV/SRL (collectively referred to as "Radisson Hotels Americas").
The Company determined that it was the accounting acquirer of Radisson Hotels Americas and accounted for the Transaction as a business combination using
the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed were recorded at their fair values as of the August 11, 2022
acquisition date, with the exception of certain assets and liabilities which were accounted for in accordance with the provisions of ASU 2021-08, Business
Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers ("ASU 2021-08"). The Company finalized
the purchase price allocation for the Transaction during the third quarter of 2023.
Revenue Recognition
Franchise Agreements
The Company's revenues are primarily derived from franchise agreements with third-party hotel owners. The majority of the Company’s performance
obligations are a series of distinct services, which are described in more detail below, for which the Company receives variable consideration through franchise
fees. The Company enters into franchise agreements to provide franchisees with a limited non-exclusive license to utilize the Company’s registered brand
tradenames and trademarks, marketing and reservation services, and other miscellaneous franchise services. These agreements typically have an initial term of
10 to 30 years with provisions permitting the franchisees or the Company to terminate the franchise agreement upon designated anniversaries of the hotel
opening before the end of the initial term. An up-front initial franchise fee is assessed to the third-party hotel owners to affiliate with our brands, which is
typically paid prior to the execution of the franchise agreement and is non-refundable. After hotel opening, franchise fees are typically generated based on a
percentage of gross room revenues or as designated transactions and events occur (such as when a reservation is delivered to the hotel through a specified
channel) and are invoiced by the Company in the following month.
61


Table of Contents
The franchise agreements are comprised of multiple performance obligations, which may require significant judgment in identifying. The primary performance
obligations are as follows:
• License of brand intellectual property and related services (“brand intellectual property”) - Grants the right to access the Company’s intellectual
property associated with the brand tradenames, trademarks, reservation systems, property management systems, and related services.
• Material rights for free or discounted goods or services to hotel guests - Primarily consists of the points issued under the Company’s guest loyalty
program, Choice Privileges.
License of Brand Intellectual Property and Related Services
The fees generated from brand intellectual property are recognized to revenue over time as the hotel owners pay for access to these services for the duration of
the franchise agreement. The franchise fees are typically based on the sales or usage of the underlying hotel (i.e., after the completion of a hotel stay), with the
exception of fixed up-front fees that usually represent an insignificant portion of the transaction price. The variable transaction price is determined for the
period when the underlying gross room revenues and the transactions or events which generate fees are known.
Franchise fees include the following:
• Royalty fees - Royalty fees are earned in exchange for a license to brand intellectual property typically based on a percentage of gross room revenues.
The royalty fees are billed and collected monthly and the revenues are recognized in the same period that the underlying gross room revenues are
earned by the Company’s franchisees. The royalty fees are recognized within royalty, licensing and management fees revenue in the consolidated
statements of income.
• Initial franchise fees - Initial franchise fees are charged when (i) new hotels enter the franchise system, (ii) there is a change of ownership, or (iii) the
existing franchise agreements are extended. The initial franchise fees are recognized as revenue ratably as the services are provided over the
enforceable period of the franchise agreement, unless the franchise agreement is terminated and the hotel exits the franchise system whereby the
remaining deferred amounts are recognized to revenue in the period of termination. The enforceable period is the period from the hotel's opening to
the first point the franchisee or the Company can terminate the franchise agreement without incurring a significant penalty.
• Other revenue - Other revenue is a combination of miscellaneous non-marketing and reservation system fees, which includes quality assurance, non-
compliance, and franchisee training fees. Other revenue is recognized in the period that the designated transaction or event has occurred.
The Company’s franchise agreements require the payment of marketing and reservation system fees. The Company is obligated to use these marketing and
reservation system fees to provide marketing and reservation services, such as marketing, media, advertising, access to centralized reservation systems, and
certain franchise services to support the operation of the overall franchise system. The marketing and reservation system fees are recognized within other
revenues from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. These services are comprised of multiple fees including the
following:
• Fees based on a percentage of gross room revenues are recognized in the period the gross room revenue was earned, based on the underlying hotel’s
sales or usage.
• Fees based on the occurrence of a designated transaction or event are recognized in the period the transaction or event occurred.
• System implementation fees charged to the franchisees are deferred and recognized as revenue over the enforceable period of the franchise agreement.
• Marketing and reservation system activities also include revenues generated from the Company’s guest loyalty programs. The revenue recognition of
these programs is discussed in the Material rights for free or discounted goods or services to hotel guests section below.
Marketing and reservation system expenses are the expenses that are incurred to facilitate the delivery of the marketing and reservation system services,
including direct expenses and an allocation of costs for certain administrative activities that are required to carry out marketing and reservation system services.
Marketing and reservation system expenses are recognized when the services are incurred or the goods are received within other expenses from franchised and
managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. As a result, the marketing and reservation system expenses may not equal the marketing and
reservation system revenues in a specific period but are expected to equal the revenues earned from the franchisees over time. The Company’s franchise
agreements provide the Company the right to advance monies to the franchise system when the needs
62


Table of Contents
of the franchisor system surpass the balances currently available. The Company has the right to recover such advances in future periods through additional fee
assessments or reduced spending.
Material Rights for Free or Discounted Goods or Services to Hotel Guests
Choice Privileges is the Company’s guest loyalty program, which enable members to earn points based on their spending levels with the Company’s
franchisees or certain vendors (refer to the Partnership Agreements section below). The points, which the Company accumulates and tracks on the members’
behalf, may be redeemed for free accommodations or other benefits (e.g. gift cards to participating retailers). The Company collects from the franchisees a
percentage of the loyalty program members’ gross room revenue from completed stays to operate the programs. At such time the points are redeemed for free
accommodations or other benefits, the Company reimburses the franchisees or third parties based on a rate derived in accordance with the franchise or vendor
agreement.
The loyalty points represent a performance obligation attributable to the usage of the points, and thus the revenues are recognized at the point in time when the
loyalty points are redeemed by the members for benefits (with both franchisees and third-party partners), net of the cost of redemptions. For the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the loyalty net revenues, inclusive of adjustments to the estimated redemption rates, were $123.2 million, $93.1 million,
and $109.3 million, respectively. The transaction price is variable and determined in the period when the loyalty points are earned and the underlying gross
room revenues are known. No loyalty program revenues are recognized at the time the loyalty points are issued.
The Company is an agent in coordinating the delivery of the services between the loyalty program member and the franchisee or third party, and as a result, the
revenues are recognized net of the cost of redemptions. The estimated value of the future redemptions is reflected in the current and non-current liability for
guest loyalty program in the consolidated balance sheets. The liability for the guest loyalty program is developed based on an estimate of the eventual
redemption rates and point values using various actuarial methods. These significant judgments determine the required point liability attributable to the
outstanding points, which is relieved as the redemption costs are processed. The amount of the loyalty program fees in excess of the guest loyalty program
point liability represents current and non-current deferred revenue, which is recognized to revenue as the points are redeemed including an estimate of the
future forfeitures (“breakage”). The anticipated redemption pattern of the points is the basis for the current and non-current designation of each liability. As of
December 31, 2024, the current and non-current deferred revenue balances were $75.8 million and $34.6 million, respectively. The loyalty points are typically
redeemed within three years of issuance. The loyalty program point redemption revenues are recognized within other revenues from franchised and managed
properties in the consolidated statements of income.
The Company also recognizes revenues from various contracts that are incidental to the support of the operations for the franchised hotels, including the
purchasing operations.
Partnership Agreements
The Company is a party to various agreements with third-party partners, including the co-branding of the Choice Privileges credit card. The agreements
typically provide for use of the Company’s marks, limited access to the Company’s distribution channels, and the sale of Choice Privileges loyalty points, in
exchange for fees primarily comprising variable consideration that is paid each month. Loyalty members can earn points through participation in the partner’s
program.
The partnership agreements include multiple performance obligations. The primary performance obligations are for the brand intellectual property and material
rights for free or discounted goods or services to hotel guests. The allocation of the fixed and variable consideration to the performance obligations is based on
the standalone selling price, which is estimated based on the market and income methods, which contain significant judgments. The amounts allocated to the
brand intellectual property are recognized on a gross basis over time using the output measure of the time elapsed, primarily within royalty, licensing and
management fees and platform and procurement services fees in the consolidated statements of income. The amounts allocated to the material rights for free or
discounted goods or services to hotel guests are recognized to revenue as the points are redeemed including an estimate of the breakage, primarily within other
revenues from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income.
Qualified Vendors
The Company generates procurement services revenue from qualified vendors. The qualified vendor revenue is generally based on the marketing services
provided by the Company on behalf of, and the access provided to, the qualified vendors to the hotel owners and guests. The Company provides these services
in exchange for either fixed consideration or a percentage of the revenues earned by the qualified vendor pertaining to purchases by the Company’s franchisees
or guests. The fixed consideration is paid in installments based on a contractual schedule, with an initial payment typically due at contract execution. The
variable consideration is typically paid quarterly after the sales to the franchisees or guests have occurred.
63


Table of Contents
The qualified vendor agreements comprise a single performance obligation, which is satisfied over time based on the access afforded, and the services
provided, to the qualified vendor for the stated duration of the agreement. The fixed consideration is allocated and recognized ratably to each period over the
term of the agreement. The variable consideration is determined and recognized in the period when the vendors' sales to the franchisees or guests are known or
the cash payment has been remitted. The qualified vendor revenues are recognized within platform and procurement services fees revenue in the consolidated
statements of income.
Other
The Company is a party to other non-franchising agreements that generate revenue, which are primarily software as a service ("SaaS") arrangements for non-
franchised hoteliers, and is presented as other revenue in the consolidated statements of income. SaaS agreements typically include fixed consideration for
installment and other initiation fees that are paid at the beginning of the contract, and variable consideration for recurring subscription revenue that is typically
paid on a monthly basis. SaaS agreements comprise a single performance obligation, which is satisfied over time based on the access to the software for the
stated duration of the agreement. The fixed consideration is allocated and recognized ratably to each period over the term of the agreement. The variable
consideration is determined at the conclusion of each period, and allocated to and recognized in the current period.
Managed Hotels
The Company manages 13 hotels (inclusive of four owned hotels). The management agreements provide for the use of the Company's marks and hotel
management services, which include providing day-to-day management services in the operation of the hotels for the hotel owners. The fees generated from the
management agreements are recognized to revenue over time as the hotel owners pay for access to these services for the duration of the management
agreement, and include base and incentive management fees. Base management fees are generally based on a percentage of the hotel's monthly gross revenue
and are invoiced and collected monthly. Incentive management fees are generally based on a percentage of the hotel's operating profits and are invoiced on an
annual basis. Base and incentive management fee revenues are recognized within royalty, licensing and management fees in the consolidated statements of
income. Refer to Note 23 for more information on the management agreement guarantees.
The Company's management agreements include amounts that are contractually reimbursed to the Company by the hotel owners, either directly or indirectly,
relating to certain costs and expenses that are paid by the Company in support of the operations of these hotel properties. The reimbursements include payroll
costs and certain other operating costs of the managed properties' operations, which are reimbursed to the Company by the hotel owners as the expenses are
incurred. The revenue related to these direct reimbursements is recognized based on the amount of the expenses incurred by the Company, which are
recognized as other expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. The hotel owner typically reimburses the
Company on a monthly basis, which results in no net effect to operating income or net income. The revenues related to marketing and reservations are
recognized over time and are intended to reimburse the Company, indirectly, for the expenses incurred in performing the marketing and reservation services.
These managed revenues are presented within other revenues from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income.
Owned Hotels
The Company owned 12 hotels and 10 hotels as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, from which the Company generates revenues. As a hotel owner,
the Company has performance obligations to provide accommodations to hotel guests and in return, the Company earns a nightly fee for an agreed upon period
that is generally payable at the time the hotel guest checks out of the hotel. The Company typically satisfies the performance obligations over the length of the
stay and recognizes the revenue on a daily basis, as the hotel rooms are occupied and the services are rendered.
Other ancillary goods and services at the owned hotels are purchased independently of the hotel stay at the standalone selling prices and are considered separate
performance obligations, which are satisfied at the point in time when the related good or service is provided to the guest. These primarily consist of food and
beverage, incidentals, and parking fees. The hotel room night and other ancillary good and services revenues are recognized within owned hotels revenue in the
consolidated statements of income.
Sales Taxes
The Company presents the taxes collected from customers and then remitted to governmental authorities on a net basis and, therefore, the taxes are excluded
from revenues in the consolidated financial statements.
64


Table of Contents
Business Combination, Diligence and Transition Costs
The Company incurs costs during the review of potential business combinations, including legal fees, financial advisory, and other professional service fees. If
the Company is successful in completing a business combination, then the Company may incur transition and integration costs, including professional service
fees, technology costs, and employee-related costs such as bonuses, retention, and severance. The business combination, diligence and transition costs are
expensed as incurred in the consolidated statements of income.
Notes & Accounts Receivable and Allowances for Credit Losses
The Company provides financing in the form of notes receivable loans to franchisees to support the development or conversion of properties in strategic
markets.
The Company accrues interest for notes receivable loans in accordance with loan provisions. The Company considers notes receivable loans past due and indefault when payments are not made when due in accordance with the then-current loan provisions or the terms extended to the borrowers, including loans with
concessions or interest deferral. The Company suspends the accrual of interest when payments on loans are more than 30 days past due or upon a loan beingclassified as collateral-dependent. The Company applies the payments received for loans on a non-accrual status first to interest and then to principal. TheCompany does not resume an interest accrual until all delinquent payments are received based on the then-current loan provisions.
The Company has developed a systematic methodology to determine its allowance for credit losses across our portfolio of notes receivable loans. The
Company monitors the risk and performance of our portfolio by the level of security in the collateral (i.e., senior, subordinated, or unsecured), which is the
Company's credit quality indicator. As each of the Company’s notes receivable loans has unique risk characteristics, the Company deploys its methodology to
calculate allowances for credit losses at the individual notes receivable loan level.
The Company primarily utilizes a discounted cash flow ("DCF") technique to measure the credit allowance, influenced by the key economic variables of each
note receivable loan. The Company identified the key economic variables for these loans to be the loan-to-cost ("LTC") or loan-to-value ("LTV") ratios and a
debt service coverage ratio ("DSCR"). The LTC or LTV ratio represents the loan principal relative to the project cost or value and is an indication of the loan
principal's ability to be re-paid at loan maturity. The DSCR represents property-specific net operating income as a percentage of the interest and principal
payments incurred (i.e., debt service) on all debt of the borrower for the property and is an indication of the borrower's ability to make timely payments during
the term of the loan. The LTC or LTV ratios and DSCR are considered during the loan underwriting process as indications of risk and, accordingly, we believe
these factors are the most representative risk indicators for calculating the allowance for credit loss. Loans with higher LTC or LTV ratios and lower DSCR
ratios generally are representative of loans with greater risk and, accordingly, have higher credit allowances as a percentage of loan principal. Conversely, loans
with lower LTC or LTV ratios and higher DSCR ratios generally are representative of loans with lesser risk and, accordingly, have lower credit allowances as a
percentage of loan principal. In preparing or updating a DCF model to measure the credit allowance, the Company develops various recovery scenarios and,
based on the key economic variables, the present status of the loan, and the underlying collateral, applies a probability-weighting to the outputs of the
scenarios.
Collateral-dependent financial assets are financial assets for which repayment is expected to be derived substantially through the operation or sale of thecollateral and when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. For collateral-dependent loans, the expected credit losses are based on the fair value of thecollateral, less the selling costs if repayment will be from the sale of the collateral. The Company calculates the fair value of the collateral using a DCF
technique to project the cash flows or a market approach via quoted market prices. In developing the cash flow projections, the Company will review theborrower's financial statements for the property, economic trends, industry projections for the market where the property is located, and comparable salescapitalization rates.
Management assesses the credit quality of the notes receivable portfolio and the adequacy of the credit loss allowances on a quarterly basis and recognizes the
provisions for credit losses in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Significant judgment is required in this
analysis.
Accounts receivable consists primarily of the franchise and related fees due from the hotel franchisees and are recorded at the invoiced amount. The allowance
for credit losses is the Company’s best estimate of the amount of expected credit losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance. The Company determines
the allowance considering its historical write-off experience, a review of the aged receivable balances and customer payment trends, the economic
environment, and other available evidence. The Company recognizes the provisions for credit losses on accounts receivable in selling, general and
administrative expenses and other expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income.
When the Company determines that a trade or note receivable is not collectible, then the account is written-off to the associated allowance for credit losses.
65


Table of Contents
Refer to Note 4 for more information on the receivables and the allowances for credit losses.
Advertising Costs
The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expense was $194.6 million, $195.2 million, and $170.4 million for the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. The Company presents advertising costs primarily in other expenses from franchised and managed
properties in the consolidated statements of income.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The Company
maintains cash balances at domestic banks, which at times may exceed the limits of the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. In
addition, the Company also maintains cash balances at international banks which do not provide deposit insurance.
Capitalization Policies
Property and equipment are generally recorded at cost and depreciated for financial reporting purposes using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Major renovations and
replacements incurred during construction are capitalized. The costs for computer software developed for internal use are capitalized during the application
development stage and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the software. The capitalized software licenses pertaining to
cloud computing arrangements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the cloud computing arrangement term or the estimated useful
lives of the software. The Company capitalizes the interest incurred during the construction and development of property and equipment, including software.
The total interest capitalized as a cost of property and equipment was $9.4 million and $5.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023,
respectively.
As construction in progress and software development are completed and then placed in service, the assets are transferred to the appropriate property and
equipment categories and depreciation and amortization begins. Upon the sale or the retirement of the property, the cost and the related accumulated
depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and any related gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of income. Repairs and maintenance,
and minor replacements, are charged to expense as incurred.
The Company has made certain acquisitions of hotel assets, which are recognized at the fair value of the consideration exchanged. The Company acquires land
parcels with the intention to develop hotels, which are recognized at cost within property and equipment, net in the consolidated balance sheets. If the
Company determines that it will not progress to active construction and development of a land parcel, then the land parcel is reclassified to other assets in the
consolidated balance sheets.
The table below summarizes the estimated useful lives for the respective assets for depreciation and amortization purposes:
Computer equipment and software 2 - 7 years
Buildings and leasehold improvements 10 - 40 years
Furniture, fixtures, vehicles and equipment 3 - 10 years
Assets Held for Sale
The Company considers assets to be held for sale when all of the following criteria are met:
• Management commits to a plan to sell an asset;
• It is unlikely that the disposal plan will be significantly modified or discontinued;
• The asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition;
• Actions required to complete the sale of the asset have been initiated;
• The sale of the asset is probable and the Company expects the completed sale will occur within one year; and
• The asset is actively being marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable given its current market value.
Upon designation as an asset held for sale, the Company recognizes the carrying value of each asset as a component of other current assets at the lower of its
carrying value or its estimated fair value, less the estimated costs to sell, and immediately ceases the recognition of depreciation or amortization expense on the
asset.
If, at any time, these criteria are no longer met, subject to certain exceptions, then the assets previously classified as held for sale are reclassified as held and
used and measured individually at the lower of (a) the carrying amount before the asset was
66


Table of Contents
classified as held for sale, adjusted for any depreciation or amortization expense that would have been recognized had the asset been continuously classified as
held and used, or (b) the fair value at the date of the subsequent decision not to sell.
Long-Lived Assets, Intangible Assets, and Goodwill
The Company groups its long-lived assets, including property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets (e.g., franchise rights and franchise agreement
acquisition costs), at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. The Company
evaluates the potential impairment of its long-lived asset groups annually as of December 31 or earlier when other circumstances indicate that the Company
may not be able to recover the carrying value of the asset group. When indicators of impairment are present, then the recoverability is assessed based on
undiscounted expected cash flows. If the undiscounted expected cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset group, then an impairment charge is
measured and recognized, as applicable, for the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset group. The fair value of the long-lived asset groups
are estimated primarily using discounted cash flow analyses representing the highest and best use by an independent market participant. Significant
management judgment is involved in evaluating any indicators of impairment and developing any required projections to test for the recoverability or the
estimated fair value.
The Company did not identify any indicators of impairment of long-lived assets from the Hotel Franchising reporting unit during the years ended December 31,
2024, 2023, and 2022, other than impairments on franchise sales commission assets and franchise agreement acquisition cost intangible assets, which are
recognized within selling, general and administrative expenses and other expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of
income. Refer to Note 2 for additional information.
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized an impairment loss on the long-lived assets associated with the legacy Radisson corporate
office lease. Refer to Note 6 for additional information.
The Company evaluates the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives annually as of December 31 or earlier upon the occurrence of
substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization that indicate that the
Company may not be able to recover the carrying amount of the asset. In evaluating these assets for impairment, the Company may elect to first assess
qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit or the indefinite lived intangible asset is less than its
carrying amount. If the conclusion is that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying value, then no further testing is
required. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying value, then a quantitative impairment test is
performed whereby the carrying value is compared to the fair value of the asset and an impairment charge is recognized, as applicable, for the excess of the
carrying value over the fair value. The Company may elect to forgo the qualitative assessment and move directly to the quantitative impairment tests for
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets using the
income and market methods.
Goodwill is allocated to the Company's reporting units. The Company's reporting units are determined primarily by the availability of discrete financial
information relied upon by the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") to assess performance and make operating segment resource allocation decisions. As
of December 31, 2024, the Company's goodwill is allocated solely to the Hotel Franchising reporting unit. The Company performed the qualitative impairment
analysis for the Hotel Franchising reporting unit, concluding that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying
amount. As such, a quantitative test was not required and no impairment was recorded.
Variable Interest Entities
In accordance with the guidance for the consolidation of variable interest entities ("VIE"), the Company identifies its variable interests and analyzes to
determine if the entity in which the Company has a variable interest is a VIE. The Company's variable interests include equity investments, loans, and
guaranties. The determination of whether a variable interest is a VIE includes both quantitative and qualitative considerations. For those entities determined to
be VIEs, a further quantitative and qualitative analysis is performed to determine if the Company is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. The primary
beneficiary is the party who has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impacts the entity's economic performance and who has an
obligation to absorb the losses of the entity or a right to receive the benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant. The Company consolidates
those entities in which it is determined to be the primary beneficiary. As of December 31, 2024, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of any VIE. The
Company's qualitative analysis is based on its review of the design of the entity, the organizational structure including its decision-making ability, and the
relevant development, operating management, and financial agreements.
67


Table of Contents
The investments in unconsolidated affiliates where the Company is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary but where the Company exercises significant
influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee are accounted for using the equity method of accounting.
Investments in Affiliates
The Company evaluates an investment in an affiliate for impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, such as a loan
default, significant under-performance relative to historical or projected operating performance, and/or significant negative industry, market, or economic
trends. When there is an indication that a loss in value has occurred, the Company evaluates the carrying value compared to the estimated fair value of the
investment. The fair value is based upon internally-developed discounted cash flow models, third-party appraisals, or current estimated net sales proceeds from
pending offers. There are judgments and assumptions in each of these fair value determinations, including our selection of comparable market transactions, the
amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, and sales capitalization rates. These nonrecurring fair value measurements are
classified as level three in the fair value measurement hierarchy, as the Company utilizes unobservable inputs which are significant to the overall fair value. If
the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value, then management uses its judgment to determine if the decline in value is other-than-temporary. In
determining this, the Company considers factors including, but not limited to, the length of time and extent of the decline, loss of value as a percentage of the
cost, financial condition, near-term financial projections, the Company's intent and ability to recover the lost value, and current economic conditions. For
declines in value that are deemed to be other-than-temporary, then the impairment charge is recognized to earnings. The Company did not recognize any
impairment charges on its investments in affiliates during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company recognized impairment charges of $0.2 million related to multiple investments in affiliates that are accounted for under the equity method of
accounting. The impairment charges were recognized within equity in net gain of affiliates in the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 8 for
additional information.
Investments in Equity Securities
The Company's investments in equity securities are recognized at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, and the unrealized gains and losses on the
investments in equity securities are recognized as other loss (gain) in the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 14 for additional information on the
fair value measurements of the equity securities. The realized gains and losses on the investments in equity securities are recognized upon the disposition of the
equity securities using the specific identification method as other loss (gain) in the consolidated statements of income.
Foreign Operations
The United States dollar is the functional currency of the consolidated entities operating in the United States. The functional currency for the consolidated
entities operating outside of the United States is generally the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity primarily generates and
expends cash. The Company translates the financial statements of the consolidated entities whose functional currency is not the United States dollar into United
States dollars. The Company translates the assets and liabilities at the exchange rate in effect as of the financial statement date, and translates income statement
accounts using the approximate weighted average exchange rate for the period. The Company includes translation adjustments from foreign exchange and the
effect of exchange rate changes on intercompany transactions of a long-term investment nature as a separate component of shareholders’ (deficit) equity. The
Company presents foreign currency transaction gains and losses, and the effect of inter-company transactions of a short-term or trading nature, within other
loss (gain) in the consolidated statements of income. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the foreign currency transaction gains were $2.1
million and $0.5 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the foreign currency transaction losses were $1.0 million.
Share-Based Compensation
The Company has stock compensation plans pursuant to which it is authorized to grant share-based awards, including restricted stock, stock options, stock
appreciation rights, and performance-based share awards, to officers, key employees, and non-employee directors with contractual terms that are set by the
Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors.
Stock Options - The Company recognizes compensation expense related to the fair value of these awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite
service period for the share-based awards that ultimately vest. The fair value of the stock options is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes
options-pricing model.
68


Table of Contents
Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") - The Company recognizes compensation expense related to the fair value of the restricted stock awards on a straight-
line basis over the requisite service period for the restricted stock awards that ultimately vest. The fair value of the grants is measured by the market price of the
Company’s common stock on the date of grant. The restricted stock awards generally vest ratably over the service period beginning on the first anniversary of
the grant date. The restricted stock awards granted to retirement eligible non-employee directors are recognized over the shorter of the requisite service period
or the length of time until retirement since the terms of the grant provide that awards will vest upon retirement.
Performance Vested Restricted Stock Units ("PVRSUs") - The Company has granted PVRSUs to certain employees. The Company grants three types
of PVRSU awards: i) PVRSUs with performance conditions based on internal performance metrics, ii) PVRSUs with market conditions based on the
Company's total shareholder return ("TSR") relative to a predetermined peer group, and iii) PVRSUs with both performance and market conditions. The
vesting of the PVRSU awards is contingent upon the Company achieving the internal performance and/or TSR targets over a specified period and the
employees' continued employment over the service period. The performance and market conditions affect the number of shares that will ultimately vest.
The fair value of the PVRSUs with performance conditions based on internal performance metrics is measured by the market price of the Company's common
stock on the date of the award grant. The Company recognizes compensation expense ratably over the requisite service period based on the Company's estimate
of achieving the performance conditions.
The fair value of the PVRSUs with market conditions is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation method as of the date of the award grant. The Company
recognizes compensation expense ratably over the requisite service period regardless of whether the market conditions are achieved and the awards ultimately
vest.
The fair value of the PVRSUs with both performance and market conditions is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation as of the date of the award grant. The
Company recognizes compensation expense ratably over the requisite service period based on the Company's estimate of achieving the performance
conditions, with subsequent adjustments being made for the performance-based leveraging of any unvested PVRSUs, as necessary.
Over the life of the share-based award grant, the Company's estimate of the share-based compensation expense for the share-based awards with performanceand/or service requirements will be adjusted so that compensation expense is recognized only for the share-based awards that will ultimately vest. The expectedforfeiture rate is calculated based on the number of shares that have historically been forfeited due to termination within one year of the grant date.
Leases
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease, and the classification as either an operating lease or a financing lease, at lease inception. Operating
leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in our consolidated
balance sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not have any leases classified as a financing lease.
On the commencement date, operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum
lease payments over the lease term. The operating lease right-of-use assets are further offset by prepaid rent, lease incentives, and initial direct costs incurred.
When a lease agreement does not provide an implicit rate, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the
commencement date in determining the present value of the future minimum lease payments.
Lease expense for the minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments include certain index-based
changes in rent, certain non-lease components (such as maintenance and other services provided by the lessor), and other charges included in the lease. Variable
lease payments are excluded from the future minimum lease payments and expensed as incurred.
The Company has made an election to not separate the lease and the non-lease components for all classes of underlying assets in which it is the lessee. In
addition, the Company has made an election to not recognize short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less in the consolidated balance sheets.
These short-term leases are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
69


Table of Contents
Recently Adopted & Issued Accounting Standards
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable
Segment Disclosures ("ASU 2023-07"). ASU 2023-07 requires public entities to disclose significant segment expenses by reportable segment if they are
regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker and included in each reported measure of segment profit or loss on both an annual and an interim
basis. ASU 2023-07 is effective for the annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2023 and the interim periods within the annual reporting period
beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company adopted ASU 2023-07 on a retrospective basis effective December 31, 2024. The adoption of this standard
did not have an impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements, but it did require enhanced segment disclosures in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements. Refer to Note 20 for more information.
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ("ASU 2023-09"). ASU 2023-09 is designed to provide additional
information to financial statement users in regards to how an entity's operations, risks, and planning affect its tax rate, opportunities, and future cash flows.
ASU 2023-09 is effective for the annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2024. Based on the Company's assessment, the adoption of this
standard is not expected to have an impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements, but it will require enhanced income tax disclosures in the notes
to the consolidated financial statements.
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses ("ASU 2024-03"). ASU 2024-03 requires public entities to
provide detailed disclosure of the income statement expenses in the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements. ASU 2024-03 does not require any
changes to the expense captions on the face of the consolidated income statement. ASU 2024-03 is effective for the annual reporting period beginning after
December 15, 2026 and for the interim periods within the annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the potential impact that ASU 2024-03 will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.
2. Revenue
Contract Liabilities
Contract liabilities relate to (i) advance consideration received related to services considered to be a part of the brand intellectual property performance
obligation, such as initial franchise fees that are paid when a franchise agreement is executed and system implementation fees that are paid at the time of
installation, and (ii) amounts received when loyalty points are issued but the associated revenue has not yet been recognized because the related loyalty points
have not been redeemed.
Deferred revenues from initial franchise fees and system implementation fees are typically recognized over a ten-year period, unless the franchise agreement is
terminated and the hotel exits the franchise system whereby the remaining deferred revenue amounts are recognized to revenue in the period of termination.
Loyalty points are typically redeemed within three years of issuance.
The following table summarizes the significant changes in the contract liabilities balances during the year ended December 31, 2024:
(in thousands)
Balance as of December 31, 2023 $ 209,895 
Increases to the contract liability balance due to cash received 126,055 
Revenue recognized in the period (119,253)
Balance as of December 31, 2024 $ 216,697 
Remaining Performance Obligations
The aggregate amount of the transaction price that is allocated to unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, performance obligations was $216.7 million as of
December 31, 2024. This amount represents the fixed transaction price that will be recognized as revenue in future periods, which is presented as current and
non-current deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets.
Based on the practical expedient elections permitted by ASU 2014-09, Revenue From Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) and subsequent amendments
("Topic 606"), the Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) variable consideration subject to the sales or usage-based
royalty constraint or comprising a component of a series (including franchise, partnership, qualified vendor, and SaaS agreements), (ii) variable consideration
for which the Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it has the right to invoice for the services performed, or (iii) contracts with an expected
original duration of one year or less.
70


Table of Contents
Capitalized Franchise Agreement Costs
Sales commissions earned by Company personnel upon execution of a franchise agreement (“franchise sales commissions”) meet the requirement to be
capitalized as an incremental cost of obtaining a contract with a customer. The capitalized franchise sales commissions are amortized on a straight-line basis
over the estimated benefit period of the arrangement, unless the franchise agreement is terminated and the hotel exits the system whereby the remaining
capitalized amounts will be expensed in the period of termination. The estimated benefit period is the Company's estimate of the duration a hotel will remain in
the Choice system. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the capitalized franchise sales commissions were $59.5 million and $58.6 million, respectively, which
are recognized within other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, amortization expense and
impairment charges were $10.2 million, $13.1 million, and $13.0 million, respectively, which are recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses in
the consolidated statements of income.
The Company makes certain payments to customers as an incentive to enter into new franchise agreements (“franchise agreement acquisition costs”). These
payments are recognized as an adjustment to the transaction price and capitalized as an intangible asset in the consolidated balance sheets. The franchise
agreement acquisition cost intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated benefit period of the arrangement as a reduction to royalty,
licensing and management fees and other revenues from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. For the year ended
December 31, 2024, the net recoveries from adverse franchise agreement activity, including terminations and significant delinquencies in construction or
invoice payments, was $0.4 million which is recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses and other expenses from franchised and managed
properties in the consolidated statements of income. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the net impairments from adverse franchise agreement
activity, including terminations and significant delinquencies in construction or invoice payments, were $7.3 million and $2.5 million, respectively, which are
recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses and other expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of
income.
Other Revenues
During the year ended December 31, 2022, other revenues included contract termination fee revenue of $22.7 million from the exit of 110 WoodSpring units in
September 2022. The contract termination fee revenue consisted of $67.4 million in consideration received, less the $44.7 million in intangible assets that were
initially recognized on the date of the WoodSpring acquisition.
3. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets
Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following:
December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Prepaid expenses $ 36,591 $ 34,669 
Other current assets 4,726 4,162 
Total prepaid expenses and other current assets $ 41,317 $ 38,831 
71


Table of Contents
4. Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses
Notes Receivable
The Company has provided financing in the form of notes receivable loans to franchisees in order to support the development of hotel properties in strategic
markets. The Company's credit quality indicator is the level of security in the note receivable.
The following table summarizes the composition of the notes receivable balances by credit quality indicator and the allowance for credit losses:
December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Senior $ 94,963 $ 85,919 
Subordinated 15,433 17,004 
Unsecured 5,118 5,359 
Total notes receivable 115,514 108,282 
Less: allowance for credit losses 7,331 8,616 
Total notes receivable, net of allowance for credit losses $ 108,183 $ 99,666 
Current portion, net of allowance for credit losses $ 75,501 $ 20,766 
Long-term portion, net of allowance for credit losses $ 32,682 $ 78,900 
The following table summarizes the amortized cost basis of the notes receivable by the year of origination and credit quality indicator:
(in thousands) 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Total
Senior $ 38,205 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 56,758 $ 94,963 
Subordinated — 3,499 — — — 11,934 15,433 
Unsecured 113 — 69 1,145 761 3,030 5,118 
Total notes receivable $ 38,318 $ 3,499 $ 69 $ 1,145 $ 761 $ 71,722 $ 115,514 
The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company’s notes receivable allowance for credit losses:
December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Beginning balance $ 8,616 $ 10,172 
(Reversal) provision for credit losses (609) 763 
Recoveries (676) (2,319)
Ending balance $ 7,331 $ 8,616 
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the recoveries were primarily associated with cash collections pursuant to a settlement agreement with a
borrower.
As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, one note receivable loan with a senior credit quality indicator met the definition of collateral-dependent and
is collateralized by the membership interests in the borrowing entities and the associated land parcel. The Company used a market approach that uses quoted
market prices to value the underlying collateral. The Company reviewed the borrower's financial statements, economic trends, industry projections for the
market, and comparable sales capitalization rates, which represent significant inputs to the cash flow projections. These nonrecurring fair value measurements
are classified as Level 3 in the fair value measurement hierarchy because they are unobservable inputs which are significant to the overall fair value. Based on
the Company's analysis, the fair value of the collateral secures substantially all of the carrying value of the respective note receivable loan. The allowance for
credit losses attributable to the collateral-dependent note receivable loan was $2.2 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.
72


Table of Contents
The following table summarizes the past due balances by credit quality indicator of the notes receivable:
(in thousands) 1-30 daysPast Due 31-89 daysPast Due > 90 daysPast Due TotalPast Due Current Total NotesReceivable
As of December 31, 2024
Senior $ — $ — $ 15,200 $ 15,200 $ 79,763 $ 94,963 
Subordinated — — 2,264 2,264 13,169 15,433 
       Unsecured — — 784 784 4,334 5,118 
$ — $ — $ 18,248 $ 18,248 $ 97,266 $ 115,514 
As of December 31, 2023
Senior $ — $ — $ 15,200 $ 15,200 $ 70,719 $ 85,919 
Subordinated — 2,936 — 2,936 14,068 17,004 
       Unsecured — — 400 400 4,959 5,359 
$ — $ 2,936 $ 15,600 $ 18,536 $ 89,746 $ 108,282 
The amortized cost basis of the notes receivable in a non-accrual status was $17.5 million and $15.9 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Variable Interest through Notes Receivable
The Company has issued notes receivable loans to certain entities that have created variable interests in the associated borrowers totaling $103.1 million and
$95.1 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of these variable interest
entities ("VIEs"). For the collateral-dependent loans, the Company has no exposure to the borrowing VIE beyond the respective note receivable and the limited
commitments which are addressed in Note 23.
Accounts Receivable
Accounts receivable consists primarily of franchise and related fees due from the hotel franchisees and are recorded at the invoiced amount.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized provisions for credit losses on accounts receivable of $11.0 million in selling, general and
administrative expenses, and $9.7 million in other expenses from franchised and managed properties, in the consolidated statements of income. During the year
ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized provisions for credit losses on accounts receivable of $7.5 million in selling, general and administrative
expenses, and $9.0 million in other expenses from franchised and managed properties, in the consolidated statements of income. For the years ended December
31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded write-offs, net of recoveries, through the accounts receivable allowance for credit losses of $14.4 million and $0.6
million, respectively.
5. Property and Equipment
The components of property and equipment were the following:
December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Land and land improvements $ 51,045 $ 44,978 
Construction in progress and software under development 151,756 98,310 
Computer equipment and software 105,196 261,287 
Buildings and leasehold improvements 354,689 305,485 
Furniture, fixtures, vehicles and equipment 67,562 63,917 
Property and equipment 730,248 773,977 
Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization (125,903) (280,499)
Property and equipment, net $ 604,345 $ 493,478 
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized depreciation and amortization expense of $23.0 million, $20.9 million, and
$14.5 million, respectively, in depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of income. Additionally, for the years ended December 31, 2024,
2023, and 2022, the Company recognized depreciation and
73


Table of Contents
amortization expense of $25.6 million, $32.2 million, and $29.4 million, respectively, in other expenses from franchised and managed properties in the
consolidated statements of income.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized amortization of capitalized software development costs of $22.8 million,
$30.3 million, and $26.6 million, respectively, which are included in the total depreciation and amortization expense amounts that are disclosed in the
paragraph above. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, unamortized capitalized software development costs were $65.3 million and $50.3 million, respectively.
6. Goodwill, Impairment of Assets, and Sale of Business and Assets
Goodwill
The following table summarizes the carrying amount of the Company's goodwill:
 December 31,
 (in thousands) 2024 2023
Goodwill $ 227,765 $ 226,231 
Goodwill arising from the Radisson Hotels Americas acquisition — 1,534 
Total goodwill, gross carrying amount 227,765 227,765 
Accumulated impairment losses (7,578) (7,578)
Goodwill, net carrying amount $ 220,187 $ 220,187 
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, goodwill is entirely attributable to the Hotel Franchising reporting unit. The Company assessed the qualitative factors
attributable to the Hotel Franchising reporting unit and determined that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its
carrying amount. The Hotel Franchising reporting unit is included in the Hotel Franchising & Management reportable segment in Note 20.
Long-lived Asset Group Impairments
Legacy Radisson Corporate Office Lease
On October 12, 2023, the Company executed an agreement to sublease the legacy Radisson corporate office space in Minneapolis, Minnesota. As a result of the
intended change of use, the Company determined the assets associated with the legacy Radisson corporate office space represent their own long-lived asset
group, inclusive of the head lease right-of-use asset and leasehold improvements, with a carrying value of $9.5 million. The legacy Radisson corporate office
space long-lived asset group was determined to be impaired due to the carrying value exceeding its fair value, which resulted in the recognition of a
$3.4 million impairment loss, which is presented in impairments of long-lived assets in the consolidated statements of income and the Corporate & Other
segment in Note 20. This nonrecurring fair value measurement, which is based on a discounted cash flows analysis, is classified as Level 3 in the fair value
measurement hierarchy because there are unobservable inputs which are significant to the overall fair value.
Real Estate Asset Sales
During the year ended December 31, 2022, four separately owned Cambria hotel assets or land parcels met the held for sale classification and the Company
completed the sale transactions to third-party franchisees, which resulted in the derecognition of the assets from the consolidated balance sheets. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a gain on sale of business and assets, net for the four sale transactions of $16.2 million in the
Corporate & Other segment.
74


Table of Contents
7. Intangible Assets
The components of the Company's intangible assets were the following:
As of December 31, 2024 As of December 31, 2023
(in thousands) Gross CarryingAmount AccumulatedAmortization Net CarryingValue Gross CarryingAmount AccumulatedAmortization Net CarryingValue
Franchise Rights $ 278,956 $ 67,620 $ 211,336 $ 354,735 $ 123,845 $ 230,890 
Franchise Agreement Acquisition Costs 548,544 128,932 419,612 424,695 98,103 326,592 
Trademarks & Other 12,444 6,414 6,030 19,876 13,721 6,155 
Capitalized SaaS Licenses 6,392 6,071 321 17,397 16,673 724 
Total amortizing intangible assets 846,336 209,037 637,299 816,703 252,342 564,361 
Trademarks (non-amortizing) 246,714 — 246,714 246,714 — 246,714 
Total intangible assets $ 1,093,050 $ 209,037 $ 884,013 $ 1,063,417 $ 252,342 $ 811,075 
(1) Represents the purchase price assigned to long-term franchise contracts. The unamortized balance relates primarily to the franchise rights established from the Radisson Hotels Americas
Transaction, as well as the active WoodSpring franchise rights since the acquisition. The franchise rights are being amortized over useful lives ranging from 12 to 15 years on a straight-line
basis.
(2) Represents certain payments to customers as an incentive to enter into new franchise agreements, which are amortized as a reduction to royalty, licensing and management fees and otherrevenues from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income over useful lives generally ranging from 10 to 30 years on a straight-line basis commencing at
hotel opening. The gross and accumulated amortization amounts are written off upon full amortization recognition, including the termination of an associated franchise agreement.
(3) Represents definite-lived trademarks and other amortizing assets, including management agreements, which are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of 10 years to 30
years.
(4) Represents software licenses that have been capitalized under a SaaS agreement, which are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over an average period of 3 years.(5) Represents the purchase price assigned to the Radisson, WoodSpring, and Suburban trademarks that were recognized at the time of their respective acquisitions. The trademarks are non-
amortizing assets because they are expected to generate future cash flows for an indefinite period of time.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, amortization on the amortizing intangible assets was $50.9 million, $42.5 million, and $35.1 million,
respectively.
The estimated annual amortization on the amortizing intangible assets for each of the next five years is as follows:
 
(in thousands)
2025 $ 48,894 
2026 $ 47,947 
2027 $ 47,012 
2028 $ 45,328 
2029 $ 44,127 
8. Investments in Affiliates
The Company has equity method investments in affiliates primarily related to the Company's program to offer equity support to qualified franchisees to
develop and operate Cambria Hotels and Everhome Suites in strategic markets.
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had total investments in affiliates in the consolidated balance sheets of $117.0 million and $70.6 million,
respectively, which included investments in affiliates that represent VIEs of $104.2 million and $59.4 million, respectively. The Company has determined that
it is not the primary beneficiary of any of these VIEs, however the Company does exercise significant influence through its equity ownership and as a result,
the investments in these affiliates are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the
Company recognized gains of $6.9 million, and losses of $3.4 million and $3.7 million, respectively, from these investments that represent VIEs. The
Company's maximum exposure to losses related to its investments in the VIEs is limited to the total of its respective equity investment as well as certain limited
payment guaranties, which are described in Note 23 to these consolidated financial statements.
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized no impairment charges related to its equity method investments. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized impairment charges of $0.2 million related to certain equity method investments. The Company
estimated the fair value of each investment on an individual basis and derived the fair value from a combination of observable prices from offers received for
either the underlying collateral or the ownership interest of the unconsolidated affiliate, comparable market transactions, and DCF techniques to project the
cash
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
75


Table of Contents
flows for the investment based upon the underlying property. There are judgments and assumptions in each of these fair value determinations, including our
selection of comparable market transactions, the amount and timing of the expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, and sales capitalization rates.
These nonrecurring fair value measurements are classified as level three in the fair value measurement hierarchy, as the Company utilized unobservable inputs
which are significant to the overall fair value. Based on these analyses, in each case, the Company determined that the fair value declined below the carrying
value and the decline is other-than-temporary. As a result, the Company recognized an impairment charge equal to the difference between the carrying value
and the estimated fair value for each investment.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company received distributions from the sale of affiliates of $15.9 million and recognized net gains of
$7.2 million, which was recognized in equity in net gain of affiliates in the consolidated statements of income. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the
Company received distributions of $0.9 million which resulted in no net gains (losses). During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received no
distributions and therefore recognized no net gains (losses).
The Company's ownership interests in its affiliates were as follows:
Ownership Interest
December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023
Choice Hotels Canada, Inc. 50 % 50 %
Main Street WP Hotel Associates, LLC 50 % 50 %
CS Hotel West Orange, LLC 50 % 50 %
City Market Hotel Development, LLC — % 43 %
926 James M. Wood Boulevard, LLC 75 % 75 %
EH Glendale JV, LLC 80 % 80 %
CS Lakeside Santa Clara LLC 50 % 50 %
BL 219 Holdco, LP 50 % 50 %
Integrated 32 West Randolph, LLC 20 % 20 %
EH Nampa JV LLC 80 % 80 %
Radisson Hotel La Crosse 14 % 14 %
EH Cheyenne JV, LLC 80 % 80 %
EH Waco JV, LLC 80 % 80 %
EH Amarillo JV, LLC 80 % 80 %
EH Yuma JV, LLC 80 % 80 %
EH El Paso JV, LLC 80 % 80 %
EH Brownsville JV, LLC 80 % 80 %
EH Wichita JV, LLC 80 % — %
CH East Avenue, LLC 65 % — %
EH Salem JV, LLC 80 % — %
EH Clarksville JV, LLC 80 % — %
(1) Non-VIE investments.
(2) During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company received a liquidating distribution as a result of the affiliate selling its underlying assets.
(1)
(2)
(1)
76


Table of Contents
The following tables present summarized financial information for all of the unconsolidated joint ventures in which the Company holds an investment in
affiliate that is accounted for under the equity method of accounting:
Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023 2022
Revenues $ 65,732 $ 65,634 $ 58,821 
Operating income $ 14,199 $ 12,504 $ 7,977 
(Loss) income before income taxes $ (1,203) $ 314 $ 1,837 
Net loss $ (3,488) $ (1,255) $ (1,058)
As of December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Current assets $ 71,737 $ 63,397 
Non-current assets 412,269 269,693 
Total assets $ 484,006 $ 333,090 
Current liabilities $ 84,966 $ 63,526 
Non-current liabilities 257,130 177,451 
Total liabilities $ 342,096 $ 240,977 
9. Other Assets
Other assets consisted of the following:
December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Land and buildings $ 20,303 $ 20,303 
Capitalized franchise sales commissions 59,450 58,611 
Other assets 14,083 14,375 
Total other assets $ 93,836 $ 93,289 
The land and buildings presented as other assets in the consolidated balance sheets represent real estate that the Company does not intend to progress to active
construction and development.
10. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following:
December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Accrued compensation and benefits $ 55,806 $ 51,385 
Accrued interest 27,333 10,606 
Dividends payable 13,888 14,902 
Termination benefits 5,944 5,252 
Income taxes payable 10,405 6,954 
Current operating lease liabilities 5,367 4,238 
Other liabilities 17,986 15,911 
Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities $ 136,729 $ 109,248 
77


Table of Contents
11. Deferred Revenue
Deferred revenue consisted of the following:
December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Initial franchise fees $ 111,240 $ 128,935 
Loyalty program 110,371 98,225 
System implementation fees 3,601 3,912 
Procurement services fees 3,882 7,963 
Other 5,279 2,782 
Total deferred revenue $ 234,373 $ 241,817 
Current portion $ 102,114 $ 108,316 
Long-term portion $ 132,259 $ 133,501 
Refer to Note 2 for the revenue recognition policies resulting in the deferral of revenue, including the relationship between the loyalty program deferred
revenue and the liability for the guest loyalty program.
12. Debt
Debt consisted of the following:
 December 31,
2024 2023
(in thousands)
$400 million senior unsecured notes due 2029 ("2019 Senior Notes") with an effective interest rate of 3.88%, less adiscount and deferred issuance costs of $3.0 million and $3.6 million at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023,respectively $ 397,042 $ 396,440 
$450 million senior unsecured notes due 2031 ("2020 Senior Notes") with an effective interest rate of 3.86%, less adiscount and deferred issuance costs of $3.7 million and $4.3 million at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023,respectively 446,300 445,690 
$600 million senior unsecured notes due 2034 ("2024 Senior Notes") with an effective interest rate of 6.11%, less adiscount and deferred issuance costs of $11.2 million at December 31, 2024 588,764 — 
$500 million unsecured term loan due 2024 ("2023 Term Loan") with an effective interest rate of 6.83%, less adiscount and deferred issuance costs of $0.7 million at December 31, 2023 — 499,268 
$1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an effective interest rate of 6.10%, less deferred issuancecosts of $3.6 million and $1.9 million at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 336,420 226,621 
Total debt $ 1,768,526 $ 1,568,019 
Less: current portion — 499,268 
Total long-term debt $ 1,768,526 $ 1,068,751 
As of December 31, 2024, the scheduled principal maturities of debt, net of unamortized discounts, premiums, and deferred issuance costs, were as follows:
(in thousands) Senior Notes Revolving CreditFacility Total
2025 $ — $ — $ — 
2026 — — — 
2027 — — — 
2028 — — — 
2029 397,042 336,420 733,462 
Thereafter 1,035,064 — 1,035,064 
Total payments $ 1,432,106 $ 336,420 $ 1,768,526 
78


Table of Contents
Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility
On June 28, 2024, the Company entered into a Second Amended and Restated Senior Unsecured Credit Agreement (the "Restated Credit Agreement"), which
amended and restated the Company's existing amended and restated senior unsecured credit agreement dated August 20, 2018 (the "Former Credit
Agreement"). The Former Credit Agreement provided for an $850 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Revolver") with a final maturity date of
August 20, 2026. The Restated Credit Agreement increased the commitments under the Revolver to $1 billion and extended the final maturity date of the
Revolver to June 28, 2029, subject to optional one-year extensions that can be requested by the Company prior to each of the third, fourth, and fifth
anniversaries of the closing date of the Restated Credit Agreement. The effectiveness of such extension is subject to the consent of the lenders under the
Restated Credit Agreement and certain customary conditions. The Restated Credit Agreement also provides that up to $50 million of borrowings under the
Revolver may be used for alternative currency loans, up to $10 million of capacity under the Revolver may be used for the issuance of letters of credit, and up
to $25 million of borrowings under the Revolver may be used for swingline loans. The Company may from time to time designate one or more wholly-owned
subsidiaries of the Company as additional borrowers under the Restated Credit Agreement, subject to the consent of the lenders and certain customary
conditions. At any time prior to the final maturity date, the Company may increase the amount of the Revolver or add one or more term loan facilities under the
Restated Credit Agreement by up to an additional $500 million in the aggregate to the extent that any one or more lenders commit to being a lender for the
additional amount of such increase or the term loan facility and certain other customary conditions are met.
2024 Senior Unsecured Notes Due 2034
On July 2, 2024, the Company issued unsecured senior notes with a principal amount of $600 million (the “2024 Senior Notes”) at a discount of $6.4 million,
bearing a coupon of 5.85%, with an effective rate of 6.11%, and mature on August 1, 2034. Interest on the 2024 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on
February 1  and August 1  of each year, commencing on February 1, 2025. The interest rate payable on the 2024 Senior Notes will be subject to adjustment
based on certain rating events.
2023 Term Loan Due 2024
On December 18, 2023, the Company entered into a $500 million unsecured term loan with a maturity date of December 16, 2024 (the "2023 Term Loan"). The
2023 Term Loan and all accrued but unpaid interest must be repaid in full on the maturity date. On July 2, 2024, the Company used a portion of the net
proceeds from the sale of the 2024 Senior Notes, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses, to repay in full the 2023
Term Loan.
13. Non-Qualified Retirement, Savings, and Investment Plans
The Company sponsors two non-qualified retirement savings and investment plans for certain employees and senior executives. Employee and Company
contributions are maintained in separate irrevocable trusts. Legally, the assets of the trusts remain those of the Company; however, access to the trusts’ assets is
severely restricted. The trusts cannot be revoked by the Company or an acquirer, but the assets are subject to the claims of the Company’s general creditors.
The participants do not have the right to assign or transfer contractual rights in the trusts.
In 2002, the Company adopted the Choice Hotels International, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan ("EDCP") which became effective on January 1,
2003. Under the EDCP, certain executive officers may defer a portion of their salary into an irrevocable trust and invest these amounts in a selection of
available diversified investment options. In 1997, the Company adopted the Choice Hotels International, Inc. Non-Qualified Retirement Savings and
Investment Plan ("Non-Qualified Plan"). The Non-Qualified Plan allows certain employees who do not participate in the EDCP to defer a portion of their
salary and invest these amounts in a selection of available diversified investment options. Under the EDCP and the Non-Qualified Plan (together, the "Deferred
Compensation Plan"), the Company recognized current and long-term deferred compensation and retirement plan liabilities of $55.0 million and $47.5 million
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, related to the deferrals and the credited investment returns under these two deferred compensation plans.
Compensation expense or benefit is recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income based on the change in
the deferred compensation and retirement plan obligations related to the earnings credited to the participants as well as the changes in the fair value of the
diversified investments. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized compensation expense of $8.2 million and $7.0 million,
respectively, in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recognized compensation benefit of $5.3 million in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income.
st st
79


Table of Contents
14. Fair Value Measurements
The Company estimates the fair value of its financial instruments utilizing a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair
value. The following summarizes the three levels of inputs, as well as the assets that the Company values using those levels of inputs on a recurring basis.
Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. The Company’s Level 1 assets consist of equity securities and mutual funds
held in the Company's Deferred Compensation Plan.
Level 2 - Observable inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, such as quoted prices for similar assets and
liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable. The Company’s Level 2 assets consist of money market funds
held in the Company's Deferred Compensation Plan.
Level 3 - Unobservable inputs, supported by little or no market data available, where the reporting entity is required to develop its own assumptions to
determine the fair value of the instrument. The Company does not currently have any assets recorded at fair value on a recurring basis whose fair value
was determined using Level 3 inputs and there were no transfers of Level 3 assets during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
The Company recognized the following assets at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated balance sheets:
Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
(in thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
As of December 31, 2024
Equity securities $ — $ — $ — $ — 
Mutual funds 43,887 43,887 — — 
Money market funds 5,439 — 5,439 — 
Total $ 49,326 $ 43,887 $ 5,439 $ — 
As of December 31, 2023
Equity securities $ 116,374 $ 116,374 $ — $ — 
Mutual funds 36,810 36,810 — — 
Money market funds 4,767 — 4,767 — 
Total $ 157,951 $ 153,184 $ 4,767 $ — 
(1) The current assets at fair value noted above are presented in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The long-term assets at fair value noted above are
presented in investments for employee benefit plans, at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets.
Investments in Equity Securities
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company sold approximately 1.4 million shares of equity securities of another issuer for $108.1 million and
recognized a net loss of $8.3 million on the sales of equity securities. The following table is a summary of the unrealized gains and losses of the investments in
equity securities:
As of December 31, 2024 As of December 31, 2023
(in thousands) Cost
GrossUnrealizedGains
GrossUnrealizedLosses Estimated FairValue Cost
GrossUnrealizedGains
GrossUnrealizedLosses Estimated FairValue
Equity Securities $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 112,420 $ 3,954 $ — $ 116,374 
Other Financial Instruments Disclosure
The Company believes that the fair values of its current assets and current liabilities approximate their reported carrying amounts due to the short-term nature
of these items. In addition, the interest rate on the senior unsecured revolving credit facility adjusts frequently based on current market interest rates; therefore,
the Company believes the carrying amount approximates the fair value.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
80


Table of Contents
The fair values of the Company's senior unsecured notes are classified as Level 2 because the significant inputs are observable in an active market. Refer to
Note 12 for additional information on debt. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the carrying amounts and the fair values were as follows:
December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023
(in thousands) Carrying Amount Fair Value Carrying Amount Fair Value
2019 Senior Notes Due 2029 $ 397,042 $ 371,600 $ 396,440 $ 355,068 
2020 Senior Notes Due 2031 $ 446,300 $ 405,351 $ 445,690 $ 389,241 
2024 Senior Notes Due 2034 $ 588,764 $ 601,836 $ — $ — 
The fair value estimates are determined at a specific point in time, are subjective in nature, and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment. The
settlement of such fair value amounts may not be possible or a prudent management decision.
15. Income Taxes
The Company's income before income taxes, classified by source of income, was as follows:
 Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023 2022
U.S. $ 370,395 $ 303,337 $ 409,666 
Outside the U.S. 25,250 33,619 27,140 
Income before income taxes $ 395,645 $ 336,956 $ 436,806 
The provision for income taxes, classified by the timing and the location of payment, was as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023 2022
Current tax expense
Federal $ 89,716 $ 60,493 $ 103,275 
State 21,518 16,890 20,068 
Foreign 2,609 1,593 2,331 
Deferred tax (benefit) expense
Federal (18,378) (2,022) (18,974)
State (2,908) (1,874) (4,163)
Foreign 3,423 3,369 2,117 
Income tax expense $ 95,980 $ 78,449 $ 104,654 
81


Table of Contents
The net deferred tax assets were as follows:
December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Deferred tax assets:
Accrued compensation $ 20,958 $ 18,325 
Deferred revenue 40,946 30,007 
Receivable, net 12,345 12,460 
Tax credits 24,663 19,194 
Operating lease liabilities 28,455 28,673 
Partnership interests 5,130 5,516 
Capitalized research and experimental expenditures 44,946 30,781 
Foreign net operating losses 7,870 7,564 
Non-U.S. intellectual property 11,333 15,149 
Other 7,235 6,588 
Total gross deferred tax assets 203,881 174,257 
Less: Valuation allowance (29,660) (24,228)
       Deferred tax assets $ 174,221 $ 150,029 
Deferred tax liabilities:
Property, equipment and intangible assets $ (42,895) $ (36,386)
Operating lease ROU assets (20,016) (21,379)
Other (3,002) (2,729)
       Deferred tax liabilities (65,913) (60,494)
Net deferred tax assets $ 108,308 $ 89,535 
The Company assesses all positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use its deferred tax assets.
Based on this evaluation, the Company recorded a net change to its valuation allowance of $5.4 million due to state tax credits.
The Company has $24.7 million of state income tax credit carryforwards. It is unlikely that the Company will realize these benefits. Accordingly, the Company
has provided a full valuation allowance against these carryforwards.
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had gross foreign net operating losses ("NOLs") of $29.3 million, all of which have indefinite carryforward lives. The
Company has recorded a tax-effected valuation allowance of $1.8 million for these NOLs, primarily related to France and India. In addition, the Company has
a Dutch deferred tax asset of $11.3 million, for which it has recorded a valuation allowance of $3.0 million. The Dutch valuation allowance did not change
during the year ended December 31, 2024.
The following table presents a reconciliation of the statutory United States federal income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for continuing operations:
 Year Ended December 31,
 2024 2023 2022
Statutory U.S. federal income tax rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 3.5 % 3.2 % 3.0 %
Expenses related to foreign operations 0.7 % 0.3 % 0.1 %
Expenses related to compensation, net 1.3 % 1.0 % 1.0 %
Unrecognized tax positions (0.8)% 0.5 % 0.2 %
Tax credits (2.4)% (2.4)% (1.5)%
Valuation allowance 0.6 % 0.6 % 0.5 %
Other 0.4 % (0.9)% (0.3)%
Effective income tax rate 24.3 % 23.3 % 24.0 %
The Company's effective income tax rates from continuing operations were 24.3%, 23.3%, and 24.0% for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022,
respectively.
82


Table of Contents
The effective income tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 were higher than the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21.0% primarily
due to the impact of state income taxes and tax expense related to compensation, partially offset by federal income tax credits.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company’s gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled $6.9 million, $13.4 million, and $11.9 million,
respectively. After considering the deferred income tax accounting impact, it is expected that approximately $4.6 million of the total as of December 31, 2024
would reduce the effective income tax rate if resolved in the Company’s favor.
The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of the unrecognized tax benefits:
(in thousands) 2024 2023 2022
Balance, January 1 $ 13,434 $ 11,876 $ 11,147 
Changes for tax positions of prior years (776) 2,338 (31)
Increases for tax positions related to the current year 1,516 1,670 1,650 
Settlements and lapsing of statutes of limitations (7,260) (2,450) (890)
Balance, December 31 $ 6,914 $ 13,434 $ 11,876 
It is reasonably possible that the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits could decrease within the next 12 months by as much as $2.6 million due to settlements
and the expiration of applicable statutes of limitations. The Company's federal income tax returns for the 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024 tax years are subject to
examination by the Internal Revenue Service.
The Company's policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in the provision for income taxes. The Company did not incur any
material interest or penalties during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022. The Company had $0.3 million and $0.1 million of accrued interest
and penalties as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
16. Share-Based Compensation and Capital Stock
Share-Based Compensation
The Company has stock compensation plans pursuant to which it is authorized to grant share-based awards, including restricted stock, stock options, stock
appreciation rights, and performance-based share awards, to officers, key employees, and non-employee directors with contractual terms that are set by the
Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors. Approximately 1.1 million shares of the Company's common stock remain
available for grant as of December 31, 2024. The Company’s policy allows the issuance of new common stock shares or treasury shares to satisfy the share-
based awards.
83


Table of Contents
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the following table presents a summary of the share-based award activity:
2024
Stock Options Restricted Stock Performance VestedRestricted Stock Units
Options
WeightedAverageExercise Price
WeightedAverageRemainingContractualLife Shares
WeightedAverage GrantDate Fair Value Shares
WeightedAverage GrantDate Fair Value
Outstanding as of January 1, 2024 943,641 $ 102.90 361,668 $ 136.05 458,495 $ 136.14 
Granted 78,988 111.94 69,249 115.57 147,943 115.04 
Performance-based leveraging* — — — — 31,468 116.43 
Exercised/vested (249,059) 80.03 (59,266) 111.50 (146,675) 107.54 
Expired — — — — (8,028) 108.79 
Forfeited (1,929) 126.23 (16,246) 124.09 (15,682) 131.59 
Outstanding as of December 31, 2024 771,641 $ 111.15 6.2 years 355,405 $ 136.67 467,521 $ 137.74 
Options exercisable as of December 31, 2024 481,522 $ 104.67 5.3 years
* The outstanding PVRSUs have been adjusted by 31,468 net units during the year ended December 31, 2024, due to an increase in the outstanding PVRSUs as a result of the Company exceeding the
targeted performance conditions.
The components of the Company’s share-based compensation expense were as follows:
For the Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023 2022
Stock options $ 5,265 $ 5,816 $ 4,674 
Restricted stock 12,728 13,774 14,349 
Performance vested restricted stock units 20,447 20,924 21,436 
Total share-based compensation expense $ 38,440 $ 40,514 $ 40,459 
The following table as of December 31, 2024 is a summary of the total unrecognized compensation expense related to the share-based awards that have not yet
vested and the related weighted average remaining amortization periods over which the compensation expense will be recognized:
(in thousands) Unrecognized CompensationExpense on Unvested Awards Weighted Average RemainingAmortization Period
Stock options $ 5,708 1.8 years
Restricted stock 23,601 2.2 years
Performance vested restricted stock units 24,661 1.9 years
Total $ 53,970 
Stock Options
The following table is a summary of the activity related to the stock option grants:
For the Year Ended December 31,
2024 2023 2022
Number of options granted 78,988 88,733 172,441 
Fair value of options granted (in thousands) $ 3,069 $ 3,779 $ 7,356 
Weighted average exercise price per share $ 111.94 $ 102.90 $ 94.97 
Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised (in thousands) $ 12,185 $ 9,170 $ 5,390 
Total fair value of stock options vested (in thousands) $ 5,032 $ 4,857 $ 3,591 
The stock options granted by the Company had an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. As of
December 31, 2024, the aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding and exercisable was $24.5 million and $18.3 million, respectively.
84


Table of Contents
The fair value of the options granted was estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average
assumptions:
 
2024 2023 2022
Risk-free interest rate 4.27 % 4.10 % 2.01 %
Expected volatility 31.34 % 30.90 % 29.46 %
Expected life of stock option 6.0 years 6.0 years 5.9 years
Dividend yield 1.03 % 0.90 % 0.66 %
Requisite service period 4 years 4 years 4 years
Contractual life 10 years 10 years 10 years
Weighted average fair value of the stock options granted (per stock option) $ 38.85 $ 42.59 $ 42.66 
The expected life of the stock options and the expected volatility are based on historical data which is believed to be indicative of future exercise patterns and
volatility. The historical volatility is calculated based on a period that corresponds to the expected life of the stock option. The dividend yield and the risk-free
interest rate are calculated on the grant date based on the then-current dividend rate and the risk-free interest rate for the period corresponding to the expected
life of the stock option.
Restricted Stock
The following table is a summary of the activity related to the restricted stock grants:
For the Year Ended December 31,
2024 2023 2022
Restricted shares granted 69,249 65,991 273,777 
Weighted average grant date fair value per share $ 115.57 $ 123.65 $ 143.76 
Aggregate grant date fair value (in thousands) $ 8,003 $ 8,160 $ 39,357 
Restricted shares forfeited 16,246 13,202 14,443 
Vesting service period for the restricted shares granted 9 - 48 months 9 - 48 months 9 - 60 months
Fair value of the restricted shares vested (in thousands) $ 6,804 $ 11,134 $ 13,784 
Performance Vested Restricted Stock Units
The following table is a summary of the activity related to the PVRSU grants:
For the Years Ended December 31,
2024 2023 2022
PVRSUs granted at target 147,943 110,636 111,585 
Weighted average grant date fair value per share $ 115.04 $ 128.71 $ 181.91 
Aggregate grant date fair value (in thousands) $ 17,019 $ 14,240 $ 20,298 
PVRSUs forfeited & expired 23,710 16,504 83,563 
Requisite service period 9 - 48 months 9 - 48 months 9 - 60 months
Fair value of PVRSUs vested (in thousands) $ 15,773 $ 17,413 $ — 
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company granted PVRSUs with performance conditions, PVRSUs with market conditions, and PVRSUs with
performance and market conditions, with requisite service periods between 9 months and 48 months and with award vesting ranges generally between 0% and
230% of the initial units granted.
Share Repurchases and Redemptions
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the Company redeemed 120,601, 114,242, and 36,120, respectively, shares of common stock at a
total cost of approximately $12.4 million, $14.2 million, and $5.4 million, respectively, from employees to satisfy the stock option exercise price and the
statutory minimum tax-withholding requirements related to exercising stock options and the vesting of performance vested restricted stock units and restricted
stock grants. These redemptions were outside of the share repurchase program.
85


Table of Contents
17. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss were as follows:
 December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023 2022
Foreign currency translation adjustments $ (6,193) $ (5,671) $ (5,211)
Total accumulated other comprehensive loss $ (6,193) $ (5,671) $ (5,211)
The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, were as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Beginning Balance $ (5,671) $ (5,211)
Foreign currency translation adjustments (522) (460)
Ending Balance $ (6,193) $ (5,671)
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 relates entirely to foreign currency items. There were no amounts
reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
18. Earnings Per Share
The Company’s shares of restricted stock contain rights to receive nonforfeitable dividends and thus are participating securities requiring the computation of
basic earnings per share using the two-class method. The shares of restricted stock are both potential shares of common stock and participating securities so the
Company calculates diluted earnings per share by using the more dilutive of the treasury stock method or the two-class method. The calculation of earnings per
share for the net income available to common shareholders excludes the distribution of dividends and the undistributed earnings attributable to the participating
securities from the numerator. The diluted earnings per share includes stock options, PVRSUs, and RSUs in the calculation of the weighted average shares of
common stock outstanding.
The computation of basic and diluted earnings per share was as follows:
 Year Ended December 31,
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2022
Numerator:
Net income $ 299,665 $ 258,507 $ 332,152 
Income allocated to participating securities (1,521) (1,379) (1,881)
Net income available to common shareholders $ 298,144 $ 257,128 $ 330,271 
Denominator:
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic 47,653 50,341 54,595 
Basic earnings per share $ 6.26 $ 5.11 $ 6.05 
Numerator:
Net income $ 299,665 $ 258,507 $ 332,152 
Income allocated to participating securities (1,521) (1,379) (1,881)
Net income available to common shareholders $ 298,144 $ 257,128 $ 330,271 
Denominator:
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic 47,653 50,341 54,595 
Dilutive effect of stock options, PVRSUs, and RSUs 425 359 526 
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted 48,078 50,700 55,121 
Diluted earnings per share $ 6.20 $ 5.07 $ 5.99 
86


Table of Contents
The following securities have been excluded from the calculation of the diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding because the inclusion of
these securities would have an anti-dilutive effect:
 Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023 2022
Stock options 147 232 153 
PVRSUs 7 71 — 
19. Leases
Lessee
The Company has operating leases for office spaces, buildings, and equipment. The Company's leases, excluding the assumed ground lease discussed below,
have remaining lease terms of four months to ten years, some of which include options to extend the lease for up to ten years. Additionally, the Company has a
ground lease on an owned hotel with a remaining lease term of 87.3 years.
The Company's lease costs were as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Operating lease cost $ 11,979 $ 13,786 
Sublease income (789) (234)
Total lease cost $ 11,190 $ 13,552 
Other information related to the Company's lease arrangements were as follows:
Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) 2024 2023
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
Operating cash flows from operating leases $ 6,637 $ 12,714 
ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities in non-cash transactions:
Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities $ 4,585 $ 28,605 
Weighted-average remaining lease term 31.7 years 33.1 years
Weighted-average discount rate 5.07 % 5.04 %
As of December 31, 2024, the future minimum lease payments were as follows:
(in thousands)
2025 $ 8,500 
2026 12,863 
2027 13,545 
2028 13,572 
2029 13,577 
Thereafter 311,586 
Total minimum lease payments $ 373,643 
Less: imputed interest 255,021 
Present value of the minimum lease payments $ 118,622 
Office Lease
On September 26, 2023, the Company's principal executive office lease agreement commenced with an unrelated third-party for a lease term of approximately
twelve years. The Company accounted for this lease as an operating lease and established a lease liability and a right-of-use asset of approximately $41.9
million and $28.6 million, respectively.
Sublease
87


Table of Contents
In October 2023, the Company entered into a lease agreement with an unrelated third-party to sublease the legacy Radisson corporate office space in
Minneapolis, Minnesota. The sublease term is approximately eight years and commenced during the first quarter of 2024. The Company re-evaluated the head
lease upon the effectiveness of this sublease, which resulted in the Company recognizing a $3.4 million impairment loss on certain long-lived assets associated
with the leased office space in 2023. Refer to Note 6 for additional information.
Related Party Lease
The Company and the family members of the Company's largest shareholder entered into an agreement that allows those family members to lease the
Company's aircraft from time to time for their personal use. The agreement provides for lease payments that contribute towards the fixed costs associated with
the aircraft as well as a reimbursement of the Company’s variable costs associated with operating the aircraft, in compliance with and to the extent authorized
by applicable regulatory requirements. The terms of this lease agreement are consistent with the terms of other lease agreements that the Company has entered
into with unrelated third parties for use of the aircraft. During both of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company received less than $0.1
million pursuant to this related party lease arrangement.
20. Reportable Segment Information
The Hotel Franchising & Management reportable segment includes the Company's hotel franchising operations which consists of its 22 brands and brand
extensions and the hotel management operations of 13 hotels (inclusive of four owned hotels). The 22 brands and brand extensions and hotel management
operations are aggregated together within this reportable segment because they have similar economic characteristics, types of customers, distribution channels,
and regulatory business environments. The revenues from the hotel franchising and management business include royalty fees, initial franchise fees and
relicensing fees, cost reimbursement revenues, platform and procurement services fees revenue, base and incentive management fees, and other hotel
franchising and management-related revenue. The Company provides certain services under its franchise and management agreements which result in direct
and indirect reimbursements. The cost reimbursement revenues received from the franchisees are included in Hotel Franchising & Management revenues and
are offset by the related expenses in order to calculate Hotel Franchising & Management operating income. The equity in the earnings or losses from the hotel
franchising-related investment in affiliates is allocated to the Hotel Franchising & Management reportable segment.
The Company evaluates its Hotel Franchising & Management reportable segment based primarily on the operating income of the segment without allocating
corporate expenses or indirect general and administrative expenses. The Corporate & Other column includes the operations of the Company's owned hotels.
Intersegment Eliminations to revenues is the elimination of Hotel Franchising & Management revenue which includes royalty fees, management and cost
reimbursement fees charged to our owned hotels against the franchise and management fee expense that is recognized by our owned hotels in Corporate &
Other operating income (loss).
Our President and Chief Executive Officer, who is our chief operating decision maker (CODM), utilizes budgeted and forecasted financial information as well
as industry metrics, such as RevPar, Occupancy, and ADR, to assess the performance and to make resource allocation decisions. The CODM does not use
assets by operating segment when assessing the performance or when making operating segment resource allocation decisions and therefore, assets by segment
are not disclosed below.
88


Table of Contents
The following tables presents the financial information for the Company's segments:
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2024
(in thousands) Hotel Franchising &Management Corporate &Other Intersegment Eliminations Consolidated
Revenues $ 1,470,592 $ 126,450 $ (12,203) $ 1,584,839 
Other Segment Items 866,514 223,473 (12,203) 1,077,784 
Depreciation and amortization 19,779 23,503 — 43,282 
Operating income (loss) 584,299 (120,526) — 463,773 
Reconciliation of segment profit or loss:
Interest expense 87,131 
Interest income (8,646)
Loss on extinguishment of debt 331 
Other loss 1,641 
Equity in net gain of affiliates (12,329)
Income before income taxes $ 395,645 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in thousands) Hotel Franchising &Management Corporate &Other Intersegment Eliminations Consolidated
Revenues $ 1,444,394 $ 110,854 $ (11,083) $ 1,544,165 
Other Segment Items 916,680 223,881 (11,083) 1,129,478 
Depreciation and amortization 19,183 20,476 — 39,659 
Operating income (loss) 508,531 (133,503) — 375,028 
Reconciliation of segment profit or loss:
Interest expense 63,780 
Interest income (7,764)
Gain on extinguishment of debt (4,416)
Other gain (10,649)
Equity in net gain of affiliates (2,879)
Income before income taxes $ 336,956 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022
(in thousands) Hotel Franchising &Management Corporate &Other Intersegment Eliminations Consolidated
Revenues $ 1,298,521 $ 108,879 $ (5,451) $ 1,401,949 
Other Segment Items 732,681 165,693 (5,451) 892,923 
Depreciation and amortization 12,935 17,490 — 30,425 
Operating income (loss) 552,905 (74,304) — 478,601 
Reconciliation of segment profit or loss:
Interest expense 43,797 
Interest income (7,288)
Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt — 
Other loss 7,018 
Equity in net gain of affiliates (1,732)
Income before income taxes $ 436,806 
Other segment items for the reportable segment include selling, general and administrative expenses and other expenses from franchised and managedproperties.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1) 
89


Table of Contents
The results of the Company's international operations are included in the Hotel Franchising & Management reportable segment and Corporate & Other. For the
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the revenues generated by the international operations, including royalty fees, cost reimbursable revenues,
and other revenues, were $102.7 million, $103.2 million, and $70.2 million, respectively.
21. Related Party Transactions
Transactions with the Company's Largest Shareholder
Effective October 15, 1997, Choice Hotels International, Inc., which included both a franchising business and an owned hotel business, separated the
businesses via a spin-off into two companies: Sunburst Hospitality Corporation (referred to hereafter as “Sunburst”) and the Company. Subsequent to the spin-
off, the Company’s largest shareholder retained significant ownership percentages in both Sunburst and the Company. As part of the spin-off, Sunburst and the
Company entered into a strategic alliance agreement (as amended, the "Strategic Alliance Agreement"). Among other things, the Strategic Alliance Agreement
provided for revised royalty and system fees and the determination of liquidated damages related to the termination of Choice-branded Sunburst properties. The
liquidated damage provisions extend through the life of the existing Sunburst franchise agreements.
On June 5, 2019, the Strategic Alliance Agreement was terminated and replaced with addenda to each of the five hotels under a franchise at that time. The
addenda preserve certain terms from the Strategic Alliance Agreement with respect to the five hotels, including the revised royalty and system fees and
liquidated damage provisions, which would also apply to new franchise agreements signed for the five hotels (as either a renewal or a change to another Choice
brand not contemplated at the time of the original agreement execution). No terms were substantially modified with respect to the five hotels under franchise.
In June 2019, the Company and Sunburst entered into master development agreements, which provide Sunburst the geographic exclusivity in two specified
regions for the development of five WoodSpring branded hotels. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, there were nine and three new franchise
agreements signed between the Company and Sunburst and its affiliates, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, Sunburst and its affiliates operated seven
hotels under franchise with the Company.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the total franchise fees revenues, including royalty fees and marketing and reservation system fees,
paid by Sunburst and its affiliates to the Company included in the consolidated financial statements was $1.8 million, $0.9 million, and $0.8 million,
respectively. As of December 31, 2024, there was no outstanding accounts receivable due from Sunburst and its affiliates. As of December 31, 2023, accounts
receivable due from Sunburst and its affiliates was approximately $0.1 million.
In November 2023, the Company executed a 13-month office work space agreement, beginning December 1, 2023, for family members of the Company’s
largest shareholder. Pursuant to this arrangement, the Company made payments of $96 thousand and $18 thousand during the years ended December 31, 2024
and 2023, respectively, for full repayment under the arrangement. During 2024, the Company executed a 12-month extension of the agreement, beginning
January 1, 2025. Pursuant to this arrangement, the Company made payments of $10 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2024. As of December 31,
2024, the Company had $102 thousand of remaining payments under this arrangement.
22. Transactions with Unconsolidated Affiliates
The Company has extended loans to various unconsolidated affiliates or members of our unconsolidated affiliates. The Company had a total principal balance
on these loans of $66.2 million and $64.5 million as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These loans mature at various dates and bear
interest at fixed or variable rates.
The Company has management fee arrangements with certain of its unconsolidated affiliates. The fees earned and the payroll costs reimbursed under these
arrangements totaled $8.5 million, $7.9 million, and $2.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
The Company has entered into franchise agreements with certain of its unconsolidated affiliates. Pursuant to these franchise agreements, the Company
recognized royalty fees and marketing and reservation system fees of approximately $34.5 million, $30.9 million, and $27.2 million for the years ended
December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
The Company recognized $9.5 million and $4.9 million of gross accounts receivables in the consolidated balance sheets from these unconsolidated affiliates as
of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
90


Table of Contents
23. Commitments and Contingencies
The Company is not a party to any litigation other than litigation in the ordinary course of business. The Company's management and legal counsel do not
expect that the ultimate outcome of any of its current legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the Company's
financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
Contingencies
The Company entered into various limited payment guaranties with regards to the Company’s VIEs in order to support their efforts to develop and own hotelsthat are franchised under the Company’s brands. Under these limited payment guaranties, the Company has agreed to guarantee a portion of the outstandingdebt until certain conditions are met, such as (a) the loan matures, (b) certain debt covenants are achieved, (c) the maximum amount guaranteed by theCompany is paid in full, or (d) the Company, through its affiliates, ceases to be a member of the VIE. As of December 31, 2024, the maximum unrecordedexposure of the principal associated with these limited payment guaranties was $30.1 million, plus unpaid expenses and accrued but unpaid interest. TheCompany believes the likelihood of having to perform under these guaranties is remote. In the event of performance, the Company has recourse for certain ofthe guaranties in the form of partial guaranties from third parties.
Commitments
The Company had the following outstanding commitments as of December 31, 2024:
• As part of the acquisition of Radisson Hotels Americas in August 2022, the Company entered into a long-term management arrangement, with anexpiration date of July 31, 2031, to manage hotels owned by a third-party. As of December 31, 2024, the Company managed seven hotels pursuant tothe long-term management arrangement. In conjunction with the management arrangement, the Company entered into a guarantee with the third-partyto fund any shortfalls in the payment of the third-party owner’s priority that is stipulated in the management agreement. The maximum guaranteeunder the agreement is $22 million. The Company believes the future performance of the hotels is expected to be sufficient on both an annual basisand over the duration of the agreement. Accordingly, no liability was recognized as of December 31, 2024 in the consolidated balance sheets.
• The Company strategically deploys capital in the form of franchise agreement acquisition cost payments across our brands to incentivize franchise
development. These payments are typically made at the commencement of construction or the hotel's opening, in accordance with agreed upon
provisions in the individual franchise agreements. The timing and the amount of the franchise agreement acquisition cost payments are dependent on
various factors, including the implementation of various development and brand incentive programs, the level of franchise sales, and the ability of our
franchisees to complete construction or convert their hotels to one of the Company’s brands.
• The Company has committed to provide financing in the form of loans or credit facilities to franchisees for brand development efforts. As of
December 31, 2024, the Company had remaining commitments of up to $6.2 million, if certain conditions are met.
• The Company’s franchise agreements require the payment of franchise fees, which include marketing and reservation system fees. In accordance with
the terms of our franchise agreements, the Company is obligated to use the marketing and reservation system revenues it collects from the current
franchisees to provide marketing and reservation services that are appropriate to support the operation of the overall system. To the extent the revenues
collected exceed the expenditures incurred, the Company has a commitment to the franchisee system to make expenditures in future years.
Conversely, to the extent the expenditures incurred exceed the revenues collected, the Company has the contractual enforceable right to assess and
collect such amounts from the franchisees.
In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into numerous agreements that contain standard indemnities whereby the Company indemnifies another
party for breaches of representations and warranties. Such indemnifications are granted under various agreements, including those governing (i) purchases or
sales of assets or businesses, (ii) leases of real estate, (iii) licensing of trademarks, (iv) access to credit facilities, (v) issuances of debt or equity securities, and
(vi) certain operating agreements. The indemnifications issued are for the benefit of the (i) buyers in sale agreements and sellers in purchase agreements,
(ii) landlords in lease contracts, (iii) franchisees in licensing agreements, (iv) financial institutions in credit facility arrangements, (v) underwriters in debt or
equity security issuances, and (vi) parties under certain operating agreements. In addition, these parties are also generally indemnified against any third-party
claim resulting from the transaction that is contemplated in the underlying agreement. While some of these indemnities extend only for the duration of the
underlying agreement, many survive the expiration of the term of the agreement or extend into perpetuity (unless subject to a legal statute of limitations). There
are no specific limitations on the maximum potential amount of the future payments that the Company could be required to make under these indemnities, nor
is the Company able to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of the future payments that could be made under these indemnifications as the
triggering events are not subject to
91


Table of Contents
predictability. With respect to certain of the aforementioned indemnities, such as the indemnifications of the landlords against third-party claims for the use of
real estate property leased by the Company, the Company maintains insurance coverage that mitigates any potential liability.
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company has a disclosure review committee whose membership includes the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"),
among others. The disclosure review committee’s procedures are considered by the CEO and CFO in performing their evaluations of the Company’s disclosure
controls and procedures and in assessing the accuracy and completeness of the Company’s disclosures.
Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the “Exchange Act”), as of the end of the period covered by
this annual report as required by Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that
our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met.
An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and
operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded
that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2024.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2024 that materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of Choice Hotels International, Inc. and its subsidiaries (together "the Company") is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The Company’s internal control over financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on management’s assessment under those criteria, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.
92


Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc.
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
We have audited Choice Hotels International, Inc. and subsidiaries’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteriaestablished in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework)(the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Choice Hotels International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internalcontrol over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2024 consolidatedfinancial statements of the Company and our report dated February 20, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
Basis for Opinion
The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness ofinternal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibilityis to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with thePCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules andregulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonableassurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing andevaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considerednecessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting andthe preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control overfinancial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflectthe transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permitpreparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are beingmade only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention ortimely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation ofeffectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliancewith the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Tysons, Virginia
February 20, 2025
93


EXHIBIT D 
 

1 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
04/25 
«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» 
«Brand_Name» 
 
 
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
THIS AGREEMENT  (“Agreement”) is made in Maryland, effective as of ____ _________________ 
(“Effective Date”), between Choice Hotels International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“we” or “us”), and 
«LIC_BLOCK» (“you”). 
 
We and you agree as follows: 
 
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms that are defined in other parts of this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the indicated meanings: 
 
a. “ Brand Mark” means the trademark and trade name «Brand_Name»® and the logo 
designated by us for use in association with the Hotel (including designs, stylized letters, colors and other 
elements that we permit you to use at the Hotel and in advertising for the Hotel) and/or any other 
trademarks, trade names, trade dress, service marks or logos (whether registered or not), or any domain 
name, as we may require from time to time to be used in connection with the Hotel. 
 
a. “ Choice Marks” means collectively all of our trademarks and trade names, including, but not 
limited to, the Brand Mark, the trademarks and trade names ASCEND®, ASCEND HOTEL COLLECTION®, 
CAMBRIA®, CHOICE® , CHOICE HOTELS® , CLARION®, CLARION HOTEL®, CLARION HOTEL & 
SUITES®, CLARION INN®, CLARION INN & SUITES®, CLARION SUITES®, CLARION RESORT®, 
CLARION COLLECTION®, CLARION POINTE®,  COMFORT®, COMFORT INN®, COMFORT INN & 
SUITES®, COMFORT SUITES®, COMFORT HOTEL®, COMFORT RESORT®, COUNTRY INN & 
SUITES®
 BY RADISSON , ECONO LODGE®, ECONO LODGE INN & SUITES®, EVERHOME®, 
EVERHOME SUITES®, MAINSTAY®, MAINSTAY SUITES®, PARK INN®  BY RADISSON , PARK 
PLAZA®, QUALITY®, QUALITY INN®, QUALITY INN & SUITES®, QUALITY SUITES®, QUALITY 
HOTEL®, QUALITY RESORT®, RADISSON®, RADISSON BLU®, RADISSON INDIVIDUALS®, 
RADISSON COLLECTION®, RADISSON INN & SUITES™, RADISSON RED®, RODEWAY INN®, 
RODEWAY INN & SUITES®, SLEEP®, SLEEP INN®, SLEEP INN & SUITES®, SUBURBAN®, 
SUBURBAN STUDIOS®, WOODSPRING®, WOODSPRING SUITES®, and the names of our Property 
Management System and Reservation System, together with all related logos, trade dress, and any other 
additional or substituted trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos (whether registered or not) 
currently owned, licensed or used by us or that we later adopt, purchase or develop. 
 
b. " Construction Start" means the date that bona fide pouring of footings for the Hotel begins at 
the Location in the case of a hotel to be constructed or the date that renovations begin in the case of an 
existing hotel that is to be Substantially Renovated. “Substantially Renovated” means as defined below. 
 
c. “ Designated Representative” means the person designated by you to represent you on all 
matters relating to this Agreement and to receive notices under this Agreement on your behalf. Unless you 
change the Designated Representative in accordance with Section 15 of this Agreement, your Designated 
Representative is «LR1_NAME_FULL» whose address is «LR1_ADDRESS1» «LR1_ADDRESS2» 
«LR1_ADDRESS3», «LR1_CITY», «LR1_STATE» «LR1_POSTAL» and «LR2_NAME_FULL» whose 
address is «LR2_ADDRESS1» «LR2_ADDRESS2»«LR2_ADDRESS3», «LR2_CITY», «LR2_STATE» 
«LR2_POSTAL» . 
 
d. “ Gross Room Revenues” means all revenues from the rental, sale, in-kind exchange, use or 
occupancy of any of the Sleeping Rooms (with no reduction for chargebacks, credit card service charges, 
group booking rebates, or bad debts), for whatever purpose, including cash and credit transactions, whether 
or not collected by you.  Gross room revenues includes revenue derived from the redemption of points or 

2 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
rewards under any loyalty program, amounts attributable to breakfast (where the guest room rate includes 
breakfast), guaranteed no show revenue, early departure fees, late checkout fees, day use revenue, 
attrition or cancellation fees collected from unfulfilled reservations for Sleeping Rooms,  proceeds from any 
business interruption insurance, as required by Section 12 of this Agreement, and other revenues allocable 
to rooms revenue under the then -current Uniform System of Accounting for the Lodging Indust ry or such 
accounting methods specified by us in the Rules and Regulations. Gross Room Revenues also includes 
the full market value of any Sleeping Rooms  (based on the average daily rate for a comparable room on 
the applicable night) that is provided at a substantial discount compared to the lowest bookable rate on the 
applicable night in exchange for other items, goods, services, or other consideration.  It does not include 
sales tax, hotel occupancy tax, or any other taxes or fees that you are legally required to collect on behalf 
of any state or local government agency.  It also does not include revenues from telephone calls, movie 
rentals, vending machines, room service or food and beverages sales. 
 
e. “ Hotel” means the property located at «PROP_ADDR1», «PROP_ADDR2» «PROP_CITY», 
«PROP_ST» «PROP_ZIP» ("Location") and includes the building, land and all improvements, structures, 
fixtures, amenities, equipment, furniture and related rights, privileges and properties at such Location. 
 
f. “ Hotel Supplies” means all furniture, fixtures, equipment (including, without limitation, 
computers, printers, telephones and facsimile machines), signs, amenities and other supplies used in the 
construction, renovation, maintenance and operation of the Hotel. 
 
g. “ Meeting Rooms” means the total number of meeting, conference and/or banquet or similar 
rooms generally available for rent in the Hotel, subject to change only in accordance with Section 8, below.  
 
h. “ Opening Date” means the date that you begin to rent any portion of the Rentable Rooms 
under this Agreement with our authorization pursuant to Section 6(s)(5) and as further defined in Section 
6(s)(6).  
 
i. “ Other Choice Brand Hotels” means hotels other than the Hotel that are authorized by us to 
use the Choice Marks, our System, and our Intellectual Property (as defined in Section 7). 
 
j. “ Property Management System” means the then- current version of the automated system 
that we will license to you on a non-exclusive basis to assist you to operate and manage the Hotel and to 
capture all data and record all transactions entered into by you and the Hotel in connection with the 
operation of the Hotel, including all transactions relating to the Rentable Rooms. 
 
k. “ Rentable Rooms” means the Sleeping Rooms and the Meeting Rooms, collectively.  
 
l. “ Reservation System” means the then-current methods and automated systems that we use 
(including our call centers and any and all related telecommunications systems, e- commerce tools and 
techniques, websites or mobile applications, tablet reservation applications, interfaces with global 
distribution systems (including travel agencies), interfaces with other internet reservations sites (such as 
online travel agencies), call-forwarding or call-transfer programs and techniques or similar tools or methods 
used by us as modified from time to time) to take, hold, honor, and report advance reservations that are 
made in connection with the use of the Rentable Rooms at the Hotel and at the Other Choice Brand Hotels.   
 
m. “ Rules and Regulations” means our then- current brand rules and regulations, as updated 
and/or modified by us in our discretion from time to time (and any supplements) and brand guidelines 
(including any manuals or policies that we may make available), which may contain, among other things, 
our standards and requirements for constructing, equipping, furnishing, supplying, operating, maintaining 
and marketing the Hotel. The Rules and Regulations shall apply to all hotels operating under the Brand 
Mark.  
 
n. “ Sleeping Rooms” means the number «ROOM_CNT», which is and shall be the total number 
of rentable sleeping rooms in the Hotel, subject to change only in accordance with Section 8, below. 
 

3 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
o.  “ Substantially Renovated” means the existing building is to be re-constructed on the interior 
in all areas (public spaces, guestrooms, and bathrooms) down to the concrete or stud walls (or drywall, if 
in good condition), including replacement of all (or substantially all) floors and ceilings.  
 
p. “ System” means our then-current concepts and methods for providing hotel accommodations 
with a high standard of service, courtesy and cleanliness using the Choice Marks and any trade secrets 
and includes our Property Management System and Reservation System, our loyalty program, our business 
referral, gift card and credit card agreements, this Agreement, the Rules and Regulations, and those 
identifying brand characteristics as we may from time to time reasonably designate.  
  
2. Grant of License. Subject to your compliance with all of  your obligations under this Agreement, 
we grant to you a non -exclusive, limited, revocable license to use (without the right to sublicense) our 
System and the Brand Mark to operate the Hotel during the Term. You do not have the right to use any of 
the Choice Marks other than the Brand Mark in connection with the operation of the Hotel , except as 
expressly authorized by us in writing. We, for ourselves and our affiliates, retain all rights and discretion 
with respect to the Brand Mark and the System, including, but not limited to, those specified in Section 
19(b).  
 
3. Term . The term of this Agreement (“Term”) begins on the Effective Date and ends on the date that 
is 20 years after the Opening Date.  You have no right or option to renew this Agreement or extend the 
Term. If the Hotel is a hotel that is to be newly constructed (as we determine in our sole discretion), then 
both you and we shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, and as a matter of 
right, on the 10th and 15th anniversaries of the Opening Date. If the Hotel is not a hotel that is to be newly 
constructed, then both you and we shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, 
and as a matter of right, on the 5th, 10th and 15th anniversaries of the Opening Date. You or we may only 
exercise such termination right by giving prior written notice to the other party, provided, that you may not 
exercise your termination right under this Section 3 unless you have paid all fees and charges due under 
this Agreement (and all related agreements, including any promissory notes or other incentive agreements, 
and any agreements relating to the use of our System) at the time you give us notice and at the time of the 
proposed termination. The written notice required by this Section 3 shall be given at least 12 months prior 
to the date that the proposed termination as a matter of right would be effective . If you elect to terminate 
this Agreement in accordance with this Section 3, you must continue to remain current on all fees and 
charges under this Agreement through the date of such termination in order for your termination to be 
effective. Any termination in accordance with this Section 3 will not be subject to liquidated damages as 
described in Section 10(d)(2) as long as you are not in default of the Agreement at the time you exercise 
your option to terminate this Agreement. 
 
4. Fees and Reports. 
 
a. Affiliation Fee. By no later than the date you sign this Agreement, you will pay us an affiliation 
fee of «AFFIL_FEE».00 (“Affiliation Fee”), which is non-refundable except as provided in this Section 4(a). 
The Affiliation Fee is fully earned upon our receipt, whether or not you open the Hotel. If we do not sign this 
Agreement for any reason, a ny monies that you have paid to us towards the Affiliation Fee, less $5,000, 
will be refunded to you. 
 
b. Monthly Fees. Beginning on the Opening Date, you will pay us for each month during the Term 
each of the following monthly fees (collectively, “Monthly Fees”): 
 
1. Royalty Fee . A royalty fee of 5. 5% of the preceding month’s Gross Room Revenues 
(“Royalty Fee”) in consideration for the license granted to you in Section 2; 
 
2. Marketing and Reservation Fee. A marketing and reservation fee of 3.25% of the preceding 
month’s Gross Room Revenues for the ongoing development, maintenance and upgrading of the 
Reservation System, and for advertising, publicity, public relations, marketing, promotional programs, 
website maintenance, reservations and other similar services that we will provide to you under this 
Agreement and for our System as further described in Section 19(h)  below, as we determine in our sole 

4 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
discretion (collectively, the “Marketing and Reservation Fee”). The Marketing and Reservation Fee does not 
constitute payment for the license or right to use any computer software or computer systems, including but 
not limited to, the Reservation System, or for the license or right to use the Brand Mark or any other Choice 
Intellectual Property. You acknowledge and agree that (i) we may increase the Marketing and Reservation 
Fee due to cost increases attributable to inflation, increases in the costs of advertising, publicity, public 
relations or marketing, additional costs of implementing new or improved programs or systems, or increases 
in our cost of providing the Reservation System or any of the other aspects of our System, so long as the 
increases apply to all or most of the U.S. hotels that are authorized to use the Brand Mark; (ii) we may assess 
additional fees and charges for various components of the System and other services (including promotional 
programs and use of proprietary software) as described in this Agreement and the Rules and Regulations; 
and (iii) we may advance monies for the purposes described herein in an amount reasonably necessary to 
ensure the provision of such services whether or not sufficient Marketing and Reservation Fees are then 
available and subsequently obtain reimbursement of such advances by utilizing future Marketing and 
Reservation Fees or through the fee increases described above, provided that such increases shall be 
limited to the amount needed to recover the previous monies advanced; and 
 
3. Other Fees and Commissions. Such other fees and commissions described in the Rules 
and Regulations which are reasonably charged by us in connection with the rights and obligations granted 
under this Agreement.  
 
c. Payments and Reports. Beginning on the Opening Date, within 3 days after the end of each 
calendar month during the Term, you will send us a statement on a form to be determined by us showing 
the Gross Room Revenues, occupancy and other related information that we request for the immediately 
preceding month or, in the alternative, at our election, we will gather the Gross Room Revenues, occupancy 
and other related information through any automated information reporting systems we establish. In the 
event we elect to have you send us a statement of the Gross Room Revenues, you will certify that your 
reports are true and accurate. If we elect to have you send us a statement of the Gross Room Revenues, 
and you do not send us the required reports on time, we will estimate your Gross Room Revenues for 
interim billing purposes, and you must pay us a late charge of 1.5% of your previous month's Monthly Fees. 
If we elect to gather the Gross Room Revenues through our automated reporting systems, and we are 
unable for whatever reason to obtain an accurate report of the Gross Room Revenues, we will estimate 
your Gross Room Revenues for interim billing purposes. Interim bills will be considered accurate until we 
receive any late monthly reports or acquire accurate information through our automated reporting systems, 
as appropriate. We will bill you for the Monthly Fees (and interest or other penalty, if any) due under this 
Agreement each month, and you will pay us those amounts by the 25
th day of the same month. You agree 
that timely payment of the Monthly Fees and any other amounts and fees due to us is of the essence for 
the purposes of this Agreement. You also agree that we may apply payments that you make in any order 
we determine regardless of any contrary language you may indicate. You agree that you will participate in 
computerized or automated information reporting programs and make all payments via electronic fund 
transfer programs that we adopt for use by hotels that are authorized to use our System.  If we adopt 
electronic fund transfers or centralized payment processing programs, you agree to make the necessary 
arrangements with your bank to participate in such programs and you agree to purchase computer 
hardware, computer software and related telephone or other network services reasonably required in order 
to properly participate in these programs.  We also have the right to require you to pay all amounts due to 
us and/or our affiliates by electronic fund transfer, pre-authorized auto- draft arrangement (“EFT”), or such 
other method as we may specify from time to time. 
 
d. Hotel Data.  You will, in a manner and form satisfactory to us and utilizing accounting and 
reporting standards as reasonably required by us, prepare on a current basis (and preserve for no less than 
7 years), complete and accurate records concerning Gross Room Revenues and all financial, operating, 
marketing and other data collected by us or a third party on aspects of the Hotel specified by us from time 
to time (“Hotel Data”) and maintain an accounting system which fully and accurately reflects all financial 
aspects of the Hotel and its business.  The Hotel Data includes, but is not limited to,  all bank statements, 
federal tax returns, state tax returns, local occupancy tax returns, daily revenue reports, monthly and annual 
revenue summary reports, maid logs, guest registration folios, guest complaints, guest satisfaction survey 
results, any other operating reports or contracts regarding the occupancy of guest and meeting rooms, and 

5 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
complete annual financial statements (profit and loss statements, balance sheets and cash flow 
statements). The Hotel Data will be maintained at the Hotel , or, if you notify us in writing, at an alternate 
location suitable for inspection by us. All Hotel Data must be kept separate and apart from all other data.  
Nothing in the foregoing shall limit us from reviewing Hotel Data that is older than 7 years or from recovering 
amounts owed to us from any period of time. 
 
e. Financial Statements and Audit . If we request in writing, you will send us copies of the Hotel 
Data and financial statements certified by you as true and accurate (including a profit and loss statement, 
balance sheet, cash flow statement, or such other financial data or reports as we may request, in a form 
satisfactory to us) for the Hotel for the prior fiscal year  (or other time period), and you will have the Gross 
Room Revenues or other monies due hereunder computed and certified as accurate by a certified public 
accountant. During the Term and for 7 years afterward, we and our authorized representatives will have 
the right to verify information required under this Agreement by requesting, receiving, inspecting, copying 
and auditing the Hotel Data and any and all records or documents related to the Hotel Data wherever they 
may be located. If any inspection or audit discloses a deficiency in any payments due hereunder, you must 
pay us all deficiencies plus interest at the rate indicated in Section 4(f),  below. If the deficiency in any 
payment is willful or exceeds 5% of the correct amount, you will also immediately pay to us the entire cost 
of the inspection and audit, including travel, lodging, meals, salaries, professional fees and other expenses 
of the inspecting or auditing personnel.  
 
f. Interest. You will pay us interest on all charges, costs , fees and amounts due under this 
Agreement but not paid on time at the rate of 1.5% per month, but not more than the maximum interest rate 
permitted by applicable law. 
 
5. Our Duties. We will during the Term: 
 
a. Rules and Regulations. Make available to you an electronic copy of the Rules and Regulations; 
  
b. Quality Assurance. Administer quality assurance programs as described in the Rules and 
Regulations that may include periodic visits to the Hotel (by us or authorized third parties ) and/or guest 
satisfaction surveys and guest reviews to evaluate your compliance with this Agreement and the Rules and 
Regulations and advise you of any defaults and on changes that you must make at your expense to the 
Hotel or its operations to comply with this Agreement or the Rules and Regulations; 
 
c. System Services. (i) Allow you to use the Property Management System and the Reservation 
System, (ii) provide marketing services, such as national, international and regional advertising, 
promotional programs , publicity, marketing research, and other related marketing activities, that we 
reasonably determine are appropriate for the promotion of the Hotel, our System and the Other Choice 
Brand Hotels; and (iii) periodically make available to the traveling public a directory or other listing of all 
hotels which are in good standing and that are authorized to use our System, which may be provided in an 
electronic format, including on the Internet, in our sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that we may 
combine the services that we will provide to you in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), above, with other hotels that are 
authorized to use the Brand Mark and/or our System, or other hotels that we or our affiliates operate in our 
sole, but reasonable, discretion, including those associated with any of the Choice Marks. You also 
acknowledge and agree that we will not be obligated to permit or assist in making reservations for the Hotel 
for any dates following the scheduled date of expiration or termination of this Agreement,  or during any 
period in which your rights are suspended under Section 10(c) of this Agreement; and 
 
d. Consultation. Make available to you, at our discretion, additional consultation and services to 
assist you to construct, renovate, maintain, operate, and/or market the Hotel on the same basis as provided 
to other hotels that are authorized to use our System under the Brand Mark; we reserve the right to charge 
you reasonable fees that we may establish in advance or on a project-by-project basis for such consultation 
and services. Any guidance, recommendations, or advice provided to you during such consultation shall be 
deemed suggestions only, and the decision to follow any such guidance, recommendations, or advice will 
be made by you in your sole discretion. 
 

6 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
6. Your Duties. Without limitation to anything else in this Agreement, at your expense, you will during 
the Term: 
 
a. Compliance with Rules and Regulations. Comply with the requirements of this Agreement and 
the Rules and Regulations, which you acknowledge we may modify and/or update in our sole discretion 
from time to time, and not disclose this Agreement or the Rules and Regulations (including any copies of 
the Rules and Regulations that are no longer the then- current version) to anyone except your authorized 
employees (or the employees of your management company, if authorized by us), or your attorneys, 
accountants, or lenders, or on an as-needed basis;   
 
b. Good Repair; Safe and Secure. Construct, renovate, operate, furnish, maintain and advertise 
the Hotel according to this Agreement and the Rules and Regulations; undertake all repairs, cleaning, 
redecoration, repainting, and replacement of obsolete or outdated Hotel Supplies; take such other 
corrective action as is necessary to maintain the Hotel interior and exterior, including any parking areas and 
food and beverage facilities, in a clean, sound, and attractive condition and good repair at all times; and 
operate the Hotel in a safe and secure manner that optimizes public health and safety. You are solely 
responsible for determining and addressing all safety concerns relating to the condition of the Hotel and 
surrounding areas; 
 
c. Ethical Standards; Performance. Establish and maintain a high ethical and moral standard in 
connection with your operation of the Hotel and not allow or sponsor any activity at the Hotel that could 
reasonably be determined to negatively impact the Brand Mark, the Choice Marks, our System, the Other 
Choice Brand Hotels or our business reputation; operate the Hotel in a professional manner that meets or 
exceeds the generally accepted standards of performance of leading hotel operators in the industry , 
including any and all communications and interactions with employees and agents of Choice; refrain from 
disparaging or encouraging others to disparage Choice or its officers, directors, or employees, or otherwise 
making derogatory comments or statements, orally or in writing, concerning Choice’s or its officers’, 
directors’, or employees’ character or business practices intending to harm Choice’s or such individual’s 
goodwill, reputation or standing; 
d. C
ompliance with Law s; Limited Use . Comply with all local, state, and federal laws, rules, 
regulations and agency orders, and obtain all required permits and licenses,  applicable to you, your 
employees, or the construction, renovation, operation, maintenance or promotion of the Hotel  (including, 
but not limited to, all labor and employment laws),  and not permit the Hotel to be used for any purpose or 
activity that is unlawful or that is not contemplated by this Agreement or the Rules and Regulations;  
 
e. Training. Comply with our training requirements by ensuring that you and the Hotel’s general 
manager(s) attend (at the times required by us) our then- current training programs, including our annual 
convention for hotels authorized to use the System (“Training Programs”) and pay the cost of tuition, living 
expenses, and travel expenses associated with attendance at the Training Programs by you and the Hotel’s 
general manager(s) and other attendees. You understand and agree that you will be solely responsible for 
training your employees in the operation of the Hotel; 
 
f. Signage. Obtain and display prominently at the Hotel our approved interior and exterior signage 
in compliance with the Rules and Regulations, which may be modified from time to time in our sole 
discretion, and maintain the signage in a clean and attractive condition, and in good working order at all 
times. You must procure applicable insurance and must ensure the safe and proper installation of all 
required signage from our Qualified Vendor or a vendor we have approved; 
 
g. Property Management and Reservation Systems. Use the Property Management System (and 
the equipment, networks, software and procedures (including hardware and software refresh requirements) 
that are described in the Rules and Regulations) to operate and manage the Hotel and in connection with 
all guest transactions (including all transactions relating to the Rentable Rooms), and use our Reservation 
System to accept, hold, honor and track all reservations for the Rentable Rooms. You understand and 
agree that your use of the Property Management System is governed by a separate agreement, as we may 
modify and/or update from time to time (“ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use”), which 

7 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use are expressly incorporated herein by reference and made a part 
of this Agreement, and you agree that you will abide by such ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use and 
pay all applicable fees described in the Rules and Regulations. You also acknowledge and agree that we 
and you have ownership rights in the data used or generated by the Property Management System or the 
Reservation System; 
 
h. Evaluation. Allow us (or any third party authorized by us) to enter the Hotel at any reasonable 
time to evaluate your compliance with this Agreement , the Rules and Regulations, and any quality 
assurance program we administer either directly or through an authorized third party. During such visit, you 
will assist us (or the  authorized third party) in such manner as is required for us (or the  authorized third 
party) to conduct our evaluation and, subject to availability, provide us (or the authorized third party) with 
one free Sleeping Room for one night . In addition, you agree that we (or the authorized third party) may 
evaluate your compliance with this Agreement, the Rules and Regulations, and any quality assurance 
program we administer, remotely and/or through data obtained from guest satisfaction surveys or programs. 
You agree to take at your expense all steps necessary to correct any deficiencies identified in our evaluation 
within the time periods that we reasonably specify; 
 
i. Rate Information. Upon our request, and in the manner and format we specify, send us a written 
description of your Hotel and its then- current rates so that we may include this information in directories 
and other listings and information that we periodically make available to the public. If you do not send us 
changes to the information that you provide to us by the deadlines that we indicate, you will honor the rates 
and descriptive information on record at the time of the deadlines; 
 
j. Promotional Programs. Participate in and honor the terms of any loyalty, discount or 
promotional program and pay all applicable fees or charges associated with such programs (including any 
room discounts, rewards programs, frequent traveler programs, photographic or virtual tour programs or 
gift card programs that are applicable to the Hotel or Other Choice Brand Hotels) that we offer to the public 
on your behalf and any room rate quoted to any guest at the time the guest makes an advance reservation. 
You agree that you will take all action necessary (including the supply to us of all information and the 
purchase of any supplies, equipment or services) to participate in any loyalty, discount or promotional 
programs, and that you will grant to and obtain for  us all necessary  consents and rights in and to any 
photographs, video and/or other marketing materials that we may require in order to reasonably undertake 
such promotional programs on behalf of the Hotel, and/or some or all of the Other Choice Brand Hotels; 
 
k. Travel Agent Commissions . Promptly pay all travel agent commissions and global  or other 
distribution system charges due from you in connection with the Hotel whether payable by you directly or  
collected by us on behalf of others, and abide by the Rules and Regulations related to travel agent and 
global distribution system procedures; 
 
l. System Referrals. Use your best efforts to maximize and increase the business of the Hotel, 
and if you are unable to accommodate a potential guest, refer the guest to Other Choice Brand Hotels that 
are near to the Hotel, if any; 
 
m.  ADA Certification. Ensure that the Hotel complies with the requirements of the Americans with 
Disabilities Act (“ADA”). Prior to the Opening Date, you will provide to us a certification from your architect, 
your general contractor, a consulting architect or you, on a form satisfactory to us, that the Hotel is in 
compliance with all applicable provisions of the ADA. The Hotel may not open, use the Brand Mark or our 
System until this certification is properly completed and delivered to us; 
 
n. Franchise Association. Join and maintain membership in a franchise association or body  
designated by us for hotels that are authorized to use the Brand Mark  or other designated Choice Marks  
(“Franchise Association”), and pay monthly Franchise Association dues to us (or our designee) in an 
amount we reasonably require. You acknowledge and agree that the purpose of any Franchise Association 
created, sponsored, or endorsed by us will be to, among other things , but without limitation: affect a high-
level relationship among all franchisees, and between individual franchisees and us, for the purpose of 
mutual advantage and cooperation; encourage a high performance level and cooperative action among all 

8 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
franchisees; advance new ideas, discuss System -wide issues and focus attention on various matters as 
they relate to a significant number of franchisees; encourage an exchange of operational and promotional 
ideas; and make appropriate recommendations to us to assure that our plans and policies enhance our 
mutual interests. However, you acknowledge and agree that we are not required to obtain the consent of 
any Franchise Association on these or any other matters and that the function of the Franchise Association 
is advisory only and not binding on us or others; 
 
o. Renovations. Undertake, at our written request,  and at your sole expense,  remodeling, 
renovations, and modifications to existing improvements, necessary to modernize and conform the Hotel 
to the Rules and Regulations or other requirements of our System (“ Renovations”) and sign a property 
improvement plan or other writing that we prepare to document your obligation to complete such 
Renovations. Within 90 days after receipt of our written request that your Hotel undergo Renovations, you 
will submit to us f or our review and approval, complete and professional drawings and plans for such 
Renovations before beginning any work to complete the Renovations.  You will complete the required 
Renovations within the time reasonably specified by us in our written request. You acknowledge and agree 
that the obligations described in this Section 6(o) are in addition to your ongoing obligations to comply with 
Section 6(b) and Section 6(d);  
 
p. Identifying Information. Send us, before the Opening Date (and any time there is a change in 
any of the information), the following, as appropriate: (i) the legal name and business type (corporation, 
limited liability company, limited partnership, etc.) of the Hotel’s operating entity; (ii) its federal TIN (taxpayer 
identifying number); (iii) its state income tax account number(s); (iv) its state payroll tax (withholding and 
unemployment tax) account number(s); (v) its state sales tax and occupancy tax account number(s); (vi) its 
local (county and city) occupancy tax account number(s); and (vii) any other information we reasonably 
request; 
 
q. Guest Complaints. Participate in, and pay all charges in connection with all required guest 
complaint resolution programs and ratings and review policies, which we may modify from time to time, as 
specified in the Rules and Regulations; 
 
r. Construction and Substantial Renovation Related Duties. If the Hotel has yet to be constructed 
or if the Hotel is to be Substantially Renovated: 
 
1. Site Control. Obtain ownership or control over the Hotel within 9 months after the Effective 
Date, and provide us by or before that deadline a site plan and such evidence of site control as we may 
reasonably request, including, but not limited to, a fully executed purchase and sale agreement or deed of 
trust (or warranty deed) or, if the Hotel is to be leased, an executed lease agreement giving you possession 
for the entire Term;  
 
2. Architectural and Design Plans. Ensure that your Preliminary Plans (as defined below) for 
the Hotel satisfy the Rules and Regulations and the then- current prototype design specifications for hotels 
that are authorized to use the Brand Mark and provide a copy of your Preliminary Plans to us for our review 
and approval at least 6 months before the Construction Start Deadline (as defined below) . “Preliminary 
Plans” means drawings and design plans that, in accordance with the American Institute of Architects best 
practices, provide clear direction regarding the design intent for the size and character of the entire project, 
including the following preliminary drawings: civil plans; architectural floor and roof plans; concept building 
sections and elevations; conceptual structural, mechanical, electrical, and plumbing plans; unique conditions 
that are site specific; room type matrix and gross square footage of each guest room; estimations of area 
tabulation, construction type for budget, and cost estimation.  You will provide to us final working drawings 
and final architectural designs for the Hotel for our review and approval  at least 3 months before the 
Construction Start Deadline (“Final Plans”).  We agree to provide you with written notice of our review and 
determination of the Final Plans within 30 calendar days after the date we have received the Final Plans and 
agree that if we fail to provide you notice in accordance with this Section 6(r)(2), the Final Plans are deemed 
to be approved by us. If Construction Start does not commence by the Construction Start Deadline, then we 
have the right to require you to resubmit Final Plans for approval prior to Construction Start;  
 

9 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
3. Construction Start Timing and Extensions . Cause Construction Start to occur within 18 
months after the Effective Date (the “Construction Start Deadline”), and within 5 days after Construction 
Start, inform us in writing that Construction Start has occurred and provide us with such evidence as we may 
reasonably request  by or before that deadline. If you do not cause Construction Start to occur by the 
Construction Start Deadline, you may request, prior to the Construction Start Deadline, an additional 3 
months for Construction Start. We are not obligated to extend the Construction Start Deadline. If we agree 
to extend the time for Construction Start beyond the original Construction Start Deadline, we may condition 
the same on any terms we determine, and you will pay us an extension fee of $5,000 for each 3 -month 
extension that we grant to you; 
 
4. Completion. Continue Hotel construction (or renovation) in accordance with the Preliminary 
and Final Plans, after Construction Start, without unreasonable interruption, until the Hotel is ready for our 
inspection. You must complete Hotel construction (or renovation), including furnishing, equipping, and 
preparing for opening, by the Opening Deadline (as defined in Section 6(s)(6)); and 
 
5. Progress Reports. Send us, when we request during construction (or renovation), reports 
showing the progress made toward completing Hotel construction (or renovation). 
 
s. Opening. Prior to the Opening Date: 
 
1. Use of Brand Mark. Use the Brand Mark only as permitted  in Section 7(c)  of this 
Agreement; 
 
2. Cooperation/Inspection. Cooperate with us, and require your architect, engineer, 
contractors and subcontractors to cooperate with us, and allow us to inspect the Location and the Hotel to 
determine whether construction (or renovation) satisfies the Rules and Regulations, the then- current 
prototype design specifications for hotels that are authorized to use the Brand Mark, and the Preliminary and 
Final Plans and/or the property improvement plan set forth in Attachment A (if applicable); 
 
3. Hotel Supplies . Order, purchase and/or lease and install all Hotel Supplies, related 
equipment, supplies and other required items to operate the Hotel; 
 
4. Advertising. Advertise the Hotel locally, at your expense and in a manner meeting our 
specifications; and 
 
5. Opening Authorization. Notify us in writing at least 30 days  before the Opening Date so 
that we can inspect, and if we reasonably determine it to be appropriate, authorize you to begin operating 
the Hotel under the Brand Mark and this Agreement.  You will not begin operation of the Hotel using the 
Brand Mark or our System until you have received our specific written authorization to do so; and 
 
6. Opening Deadline. Ensure that the Opening Date occurs within 12 months after the 
Construction Start Deadline (if the Hotel has yet to be constructed or if the Hotel is to be Substantially 
Renovated), or the BES Deadline (if set forth in Attachment A) (“Opening Deadline”); 
 
t. Sources of Products and Services . Ensure that all  products and services sold or offered for 
sale at the Hotel, and other products, materials, supplies, paper goods, fixtures, furnishings and equipment 
used at the Hotel, meet our standards and specifications. You must also purchase all products and services 
that we designate in the Rules and Regulations solely from suppliers (including manufacturers, distributors 
and other sources) approved by us (collectively, “Qualified Vendors”), which demonstrate, to our continuing 
reasonable satisfaction, the ability to meet our standards and specifications, who possess adequate quality 
controls and capacity to supply your needs promptly and reliably, and who have been approved by us in 
writing. We reserve the right to require you to purchase any or all approved products or services solely from 
us or our designated affiliate, and who may profit from such purchases. We also reserve the right to receive 
a rebate or other benefit from Qualified Vendors based on purchases by you and other franchisees. If you 
desire to purchase designated products or services from a party other than a Qualified Vendor, you must 
submit to us a written request to approve the proposed supplier, together with such information as we may 

10 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
reasonably require. Among the criteria that we consider is the financial stability of the supplier, whether the 
product or service meets our standards and specifications, and whether the product or service is of use to 
our franchisees. Our complete written criteria are available for review upon your request. Where applicable, 
the proposed supplier must submit product samples and specifications to us.  We will use our best efforts 
to notify the proposed supplier within 90 days after we receive all required information and samples, 
although a longer period may be required for certain products or services due to their cost or importance to 
the brand or their financial impact on our franchisees.  We may revoke our approval of particular products 
or Qualified Vendors when we determine, in our sole discretion, that such products or suppliers no longer 
meet our standards or specifications. By entering into this Agreement, you consent to Choice sharing your 
contact information with Qualified Vendors who provide services to franchisees under the Brand M ark. If 
such contact information is deemed “personal information” under state or federal law, and you do not want 
us to share this information, you agree to contact us. 
 
u. Confidential Information.   Maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Confidential Information 
(as defined below) during and after the term of this Agreement.  You agree that you: (i) will not use the 
Confidential Information in any capacity or business or purpose other than what is explicitly authorized 
under the terms of this Agreement; (ii) will not make unauthorized copies of any Confidential Information 
disclosed in written form or enter Confidential Information into artificial intelligence tools; and (iii) will adopt 
and implement all reasonable procedures we direct to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the 
Confidential Information. You shall divulge such Confidential Information only to such of your employees, 
attorneys, accountants, agents, lenders, or prospective purchasers of the Hotel  as must have access to it 
in order to operate, loan money in connection with, or purchase the Hotel . “Confidential Information ” 
includes the methods, techniques, formats, marketing and promotional techniques and procedur es, 
specifications, information, Rules and Regulations, systems, costs and financial information that we 
communicate to you or that you otherwise acquire in operating the Hotel under the System.  Confidential 
Information does not include information, processes or techniques that are generally known to the public, 
other than through disclosure (whether deliberate or inadvertent) by you.  
 
7. Intellectual Property. 
 
a. No Ownership Rights. You acknowledge and agree that except as expressly permitted by this 
Agreement or any ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use, you do not have any right, title or interest in 
and to the Brand Mark or the Choice Marks, Rules and Regulations, System, our then current concept and 
method for providing hotel accommodations using any of the Choice Marks, Property Management System, 
Reservation System, trade secrets or business methods  (collectively, “Intellectual Property”) and you will 
not contest our rights in and to such Intellectual Property or to current or future derivations of or 
improvements made to the Intellectual Property, nor our right to register our rights in the Intellectual 
Property or to grant to others the right to use the Intellectual Property or any other intellectual property that 
we own. You understand that the Intellectual Property will remain our property, and that your use of any 
portion of the Intellectual Property inures to our benefit.  You also agree that you will not sub- license the 
Intellectual Property rights we have granted to you under this Agreement, to any other person or entity, and 
you will not use such Intellectual Property for any purpose other than in connection with the Hotel  in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement . You agree to assign and you do  hereby assign any and all 
rights you or any other party working on your behalf may have or develop in the Intellectual Property at no 
cost to us. You acknowledge and agree that all rights to our Intellectual Property that have not been granted 
to you in this Agreement will remain ours.  
 
b. Limited Use; Web Sites. You acknowledge and agree that you will not include the Brand Mark 
(or any other Choice Marks), any words that constitute a portion of the Brand Mark (or any other Choice 
Marks), words that describe the Brand Mark (or any other Choice Marks), any portion of the names of our 
Property Management System or Reservation System, or anything confusingly similar to these marks or 
words (“Choice-Related Words”) in your name or the name of any of your affiliates, whether a partnership, 
corporation, limited liability company, joint venture or any other type of business organization, or  as (or 
incorporated in) the name and/or design of any other building, business or business activity . You will not 
establish, or operate a previously established web site on the internet (or on any other network, wireless or 
otherwise) using any domain name (or other identifying characteristics) that contains any of the Choice -

11 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
Related Words, or any other portion of our Intellectual Property or anything similar to our Intellectual 
Property or which does not comply with our then- current domain name policy or our property website  or 
mobile guidelines, internet distribution policy, or such similar policies or regulations adopted by us from time 
to time and made available to you.  You acknowledge and agree that the restrictions on your use of the 
Choice-Related Words will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and that we retain the 
right to pre-approve your use of linking and framing between your internet (or other network) web pages 
and all other web sites.  We have the right to determine and condition the content and use of online or 
electronic media associated with any of the Choice Marks. You may not participate in any website or other 
electronic media (including social media) that markets goods and services under the Choice Marks unless 
it is first approved in writing by us. 
 
c. Limited Use of Brand Mark . After the Effective Date but b efore the Opening Date, you may 
make the following limited use of the Brand Mark: 
 
1. Temporary Signs. No earlier than 90 days prior to the Opening Date, use the Brand Mark 
on a temporary sign, meeting our standards, at the Location advising the general public that a hotel 
authorized to use the Brand Mark is under construction; 
 
2. Local Media. No earlier than 90 days prior to the Opening Date, use the Brand Mark to 
promote the Hotel construction and opening in the local media; 
 
3. Supplies. No earlier than 90 days prior to the Opening Date, purchase operating supplies 
and equipment bearing the Brand Mark required for Hotel operation; and 
 
4. Permanent Signs. No earlier than 30 days before the Opening Date and only with our 
written consent, install permanent Hotel signs meeting our standards bearing the Brand Mark and the 
designated logo. 
 
d. Permitted Registration. If you are required by law to register any of our Intellectual Property, 
your registration application must specify that you will use our Intellectual Property: (i) only at the Hotel and 
in advertising for the Hotel; (ii) only during the Term; and (iii) without claiming any rights in and to the 
Intellectual Property during or after the Term. 
 
e. Notice of Suit; Injunctive Relief; Survival. You will promptly notify us of any suit filed or demand 
or claim made against you challenging the validity of our Intellectual Property (“ IP Claim”). Following the 
receipt of such notice from you and using our attorneys, we agree to defend you against any IP Claim, and 
to defend and indemnify you against your loss, cost or expense related to such IP Claim, except where 
such IP Claim arose because you used our Intellectual Property in violation of our domain name policy, 
property website guidelines, internet distribution policy, this Agreement, the ChoiceAdvantage Software 
Terms of Use, or the Rules and Regulations. You will not settle or compromise any IP Claim without our 
prior written consent, and you agree to cooperate with us in defending against any such IP Claim.  In 
connection with such IP Claim, you acknowledge and agree that if at any time during the Term you do not 
immediately discontinue the use of our Intellectual Property (including the Brand Mark) or the Choice-
Related Words following our notice to you to discontinue such use, we will seek injunctive and equitable 
relief for your infringement (or use of the Choice- Related Words) and, in that event, you waive, to the 
maximum extent permitted by law, any requirement for any bond for the issuance of any injunction, and if 
a bond is required, you agree that it will not exceed $1,000. The provisions of this Section 7 will survive the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
 
f. Changes to Brand Mark.  You agree and acknowledge that we have the right, in our sole 
discretion, to modify, add to, or discontinue use of the Brand Mark, or to substitute different proprietary 
marks, for use in identifying the System and/or the Hotel.  You shall promptly comply with such changes, 
revisions and/or substitutions, and bear all the costs of modifying your inte rior and exterior signage, 
advertising materials, interior graphics and any other items which bear the Brand Mark to conform therewith. 
 
8. Change in Sleeping Room Count . You may change the Sleeping Rooms by 5% or less by 

12 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
constructing additional (or removing) Sleeping Rooms, but only after providing prior written notice to us.  If 
you wish to change the Sleeping Rooms by more than 5% by constructing additional (or removing) Sleeping 
Rooms or if you wish to make substantial alterations to the Hotel, you may not do so without our prior written 
consent, which may be conditioned on, among other things, our inspection of the Hotel and the applicable 
rooms. If we consent to your expansion of the Hotel or to substantial alterations to the Hotel, you must send 
us your construction plans and pay us an expansion fee for each addition to the number of Sleeping Rooms 
equal to the then- current per-room charge for hotels that are permitted to use the Brand Mark, but the 
expansion fee will be not less than $1,000. We will add any additional Sleeping Rooms or Meeting Rooms 
that you construct to the Rentable Rooms (or delete any Sleeping Rooms or Meeting Rooms that you 
remove from the Rentable Rooms), and you will include revenues from the additional Sleeping Rooms and 
any additional Meeting Rooms to calculate the Gross Room Revenues for determining the Monthly Fees 
due under this Agreement. 
 
9. Assignment. 
 
a. Our Assignment . We may sell or assign all or part of our rights or obligations under this 
Agreement to any person or legal entity  without having to provide prior notice to you or seek your prior 
consent. Any such sale or assignment will inure to the benefit of any assignee or other successor.  
 
b. Your Assignment. Your rights and duties under this Agreement are personal to you. We entered 
into this Agreement and granted the rights outlined in this Agreement to you in reliance on the business 
skill, financial capacity and personal character of you and your principal owners. You may not sell, assign, 
transfer, lease, or otherwise encumber any direct or indirect interest that you have in the Hotel, in you, or 
in any rights or obligations under this Agreement without giving us at least 15 days prior written notice and 
obtaining our prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Furthermore, if a 
Controlling Interest (as defined in Section 9(d) ) of the originally approved ownership of the Hotel  is being 
transferred or if you are conveying the Hotel or 50% or more of the undivided interest in the Hotel, you and 
the transferee must comply with all reasonable conditions we require before we will approve of such 
transfer, including, but not limited to,  (i) the transferee signing our then- current form of the franchise 
agreement for hotels that are authorized to use the Brand Mark , (ii) the transferee signing a property 
improvement plan or other writing that we prepare to document the transferee’s obligations to complete 
required Renovations (as defined in Section 6(o)), (iii) all of transferee’s owners signing our then-current 
form of personal guaranty agreement;  and (iv) payment of a re- licensing fee equal to the then- current 
affiliation fee we charge for new franchisees authorized to use the Brand Mark . We reserve the right to 
withhold our consent to any transfer if the Hotel fails to comply with our then -current brand image and 
standards or the transferee fails to demonstrate to our satisfaction that it meets our educational, managerial 
and business standards, possesses a good moral character, business reputation and credit rating, has the 
experience, aptitude and ability to operate the Hotel, and has adequate financial resources and capital to 
operate the Hotel. So long as you promptly provide us with written notice, our consent is not required for 
the following: (1) a mortgage, deed of trust or other encumbrance, pledge or other grant of security interest 
in any direct or indirect interests in you or the Hotel to an unrelated and unaffiliated third party lender who 
is in the business of commercial lending or unrelated and unaffiliated bona fide third party preferred equity 
provider; or (2) the sale, assignment or transfer by you of securities in a publicly-traded corporation or entity 
that individually, or in the aggregate with other sales or transfers by you, constitute the sale or transfer of 
less than 5% of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests in you or the Hotel.  If you assign or 
transfer the Hotel or any rights granted to you or your obligations under this Agreement without our written 
consent, you breach this Agreement and we may terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10(b)(2)(d). 
 
c. Transfer due to Death or Mental Incompetence; Transfer to Close Family Member . If you, or 
any natural person with an ownership interest in you, dies or becomes mentally incompetent, the executor, 
administrator, or personal representative of that person must transfer that person's ownership interest in 
you or the Hotel (within 12 months after death or determination of mental incompetence) in accordance 
with Section 9(b) to one or more of the remaining persons in your entity (if applicable) or to heirs of the 
deceased person that we approve.  If you wish to transfer your ownership interest in the Hotel to a Close 
Family Member that Close Family Member must demonstrate to us that he or she has both the financial 
ability and experience necessary to operate the Hotel as required by Section 9(b) before we will approve a 

13 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
transfer. For purposes of this Agreement, “Close Family Member” shall mean your adult spouse, parent, 
child, sibling, grandchild, or grandparent. No additional fees will be payable for any transfers of an 
ownership interest in the Hotel due to death or determination of mental incompetence. However, if you wish 
to transfer your ownership interest in the Hotel to a Close Family Member, an application fee (not to exceed 
$7,500) will be due to us, which will be fully refundable if we do not approve the transfer . Our approval(s) 
under this Section 9(c) will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
 
d. Controlling Interest . For purposes of this Agreement, “Controlling Interest ” includes your 
interest if you are an individual and you own 50%  or more ownership interest in the Hotel, any general 
partner’s interest in a partnership entity, 50% or more of the voting stock of a corporate entity, 50% or more 
of the ownership interests in a limited liability company, or a 50% or more undivided interest in the Hotel. 
 
10. Default and Termination. 
 
a. Termination By You. If we default in our material obligations under this Agreement, you may 
terminate this Agreement only if you first give us written notice of the defaults and of your intention to 
terminate this Agreement and we have not cured those defaults within 60 days after receiving your written 
notice. With regard to any defaults which are not reasonably capable of being cured within 60 days, the 
cure period shall be extended for a reasonable additional period of time provided that we have promptly 
commenced to cure or cause to be cured such default, and thereafter we diligently pursue our efforts in that 
regard. 
 
b.  Termination By Us. 
 
1. Termination with Notice and Opportunity to Cure. If you default in your material obligations 
under this Agreement, we may terminate this Agreement, effective on the date stated in our notice (or the 
earliest date permitted by applicable law) as follows: 
 
(a) Non-Payment of Fees. If you do not pay us the Monthly Fees or any other fees, charges 
and amounts due under this Agreement (including travel agent commissions and global distribution system 
fees) or file required monthly reports of Gross Room Revenues, within 10 days of our written notice of 
default to you; or 
 
(b) Other Breach. If you do not cure fully any other breach of your obligations or warranties 
under this Agreement, or any other agreement between you and us or our affiliates,  within 30 days of our 
written notice of default to you (or such longer period we designate in our sole discretion). 
 
(c) Cure Periods. You acknowledge and agree that we may, in our sole discretion, extend 
the time period for you to cure any default but are under no obligation to do so, and any such extension 
shall not constitute a waiver of the cure periods set forth in this Agreement. 
 
2. Immediate Termination Effective on Notice. Upon written notice to you, we may terminate 
this Agreement immediately, without giving you an opportunity to cure the default, if: 
 
(a) Imminent Threat. There is an imminent threat or danger to public health or the safety 
of persons or property resulting from the construction, renovation, maintenance, or operation of your Hotel; 
 
(b) Abandonment; Loss of Possession; Failure to Open. Subject to Section 14 of this 
Agreement, you stop operating the Hotel using the Brand Mark or according to the requirements of our 
System or this Agreement for any period of time, you abandon the Hotel  or you attempt to abandon or 
cease to operate the Hotel, you temporarily or permanently lose the right to possess the Hotel  (including, 
without limitation, due to the appointment of a receiver or an event of condemnation), you lose the right to 
operate the Hotel, you fail to open the Hotel using the Brand Mark or in accordance with this Agreement, 
or you lose the right to transact business in the jurisdiction in which the Hotel is located; 
 
(c) Criminal Behavior. You (or a beneficial owner of you) are charged with or plead guilty 

14 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
to a felony, a fraud, a crime or offense involving moral turpitude or any other crime or offense that we 
reasonably believe is likely to have an adverse effect on the Brand Mark, the Choice Marks, our System, 
the Other Choice Brand Hotels, our business, our goodwill, our Intellectual Property, or our interest in this 
Agreement or any other instrument or agreement that we may have entered with you; 
 
(d) Transfer. You (or a beneficial owner of you) transfer or purport to transfer any rights or 
obligations under this Agreement, any Controlling Interest in you, your interest in the Hotel, or a Controlling 
Interest in the Hotel without our prior written consent, except as otherwise permitted under Section 9(b) or 
9(c) hereof or you enter into any agreement to sell, or sell, or purport or attempt to sell the real property 
upon which the Hotel is situated; 
 
(e) False Records. You maintain false books or records, send us false reports, or make 
any materially false statement in your franchise application or any other document you are required to 
submit to us; 
 
(f) Bankruptcy. You file a petition in bankruptcy, become insolvent , make a general 
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or are unable to pay your debts to creditors on a timely basis;  
 
(g) Insurance. You do not buy, maintain or send us evidence of insurance as required by 
this Agreement, or if we opt to procure, on your behalf, insurance required by this Agreement and you fail 
to reimburse us as we require under Section 12(f);  
 
(h) Multiple Defaults . We send you 2 or more written notices of default under this 
Agreement for the same or a similar cause or reason in any consecutive 12 month period during the Term, 
whether or not cured;  
 
(i) Construction. You do not (i) begin construction or renovation of the Hotel on or before 
the date required by Section 6(r)(3) of this Agreement, (ii) submit Preliminary and Final Plans to us for our 
approval prior to the Construction Start Deadline, and in accordance with Section 6(r)(2), or (iii) once begun, 
continue, without unreasonable interruptions, the construction or renovation of the Hotel;  
 
(j) Opening Deadline. You fail to open the Hotel by the Opening Deadline in accordance 
with Section 6(s)(6); 
 
(k) Property Improvement Deadline. You fail to complete required improvements and/or 
repairs to upgrade the Hotel by the deadline(s) set forth in a property improvement plan;  
 
(l) Goodwill.  You engage in conduct that impairs the image, identity, value or goodwill 
associated with the Brand Mark (or any other Choice Marks) or the System;  
 
(m) Confidential Information. You make a material unauthorized disclosure of Confidential 
Information; or 
 
(n) Other Agreements. You or your affiliate (or a beneficial owner of you or your affiliate) 
materially breaches any other instrument or agreement with us or our affiliates, or any mortgage, deed of 
trust or lease covering the Hotel, unless cured within any applicable notice or grace periods contained in 
such document. 
 
c. Suspension of Franchise Rights. If you breach any material obligation required by this 
Agreement or are in default hereunder, we may, after 10 days from our written notice of default (or longer 
time required by law) for financial defaults, or after 30 days from our written notice of default (or longer time 
required by law) for non-financial defaults, or immediately in the case of a breach under Section 10(b)(2) , 
above: (i) suspend any or all services that we (or our authorized representative) provide to you in connection 
with our System including your access to our Central Reservations System; or (ii) suspend your right to use 
our Intellectual Property. In addition, while the default remains uncured, you will have no rights under the 
Fair Franchising Policy (as defined in Section 19(b)). In our sole discretion, we may reinstate the suspended 

15 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
System services or the right to use our Intellectual Property if you cure your default before this Agreement 
terminates and pay us the then-current reinstatement fee (as established in the Rules and Regulations). If 
we suspend System services or your right to use our Intellectual Property, we may use other remedies, 
including termination of this Agreement, after the appropriate time to cure, if any, has lapsed. 
 
d. Our Remedies.  
 
1. No System Services. If this Agreement expires or is terminated, we will cease to provide 
you with any services in connection with our System, which will include removal of the Hotel from any 
directories, websites, and other distribution channels,  cessation of promotion programs and advertising, 
and cessation of your right to use our Intellectual Property.  In addition, we may notify guests holding 
reservations that the Hotel is no longer authorized to use the Brand Mark, use our Intellectual Property or 
receive services in connection with our System, and we may relocate such guests upon their request.  
 
2. Liquidated Damages – Post-Opening Termination. If we terminate this Agreement pursuant 
to Section 10(b), or if you terminate or purport to terminate this Agreement, or if you cease operations of 
the Hotel for any reason, except pursuant to Section 3 or Section 10(a), after the Opening Date, you will 
pay us, within 30 days after termination, as liquidated damages  for unrealized Royalty Fees and not as a 
penalty for the premature termination of this Agreement, an amount equal to the product of (i) the average 
monthly Gross Room Revenues during the prior 12 full calendar months (or such shorter time that the Hotel 
has been open), multiplied by (ii) the maximum Royalty Fee payable under Section 4(b)(1), multiplied by 
(iii) the number of months (including partial months, which will be prorated) between the date of termination 
and the next date that you could have terminated this Agreement under Section 3, not to exceed 36 months. 
However, the product of (i) multiplied by (ii) will not be less than the product of $25 .00 multiplied by the 
number of contractually approved Sleeping Rooms. 
 
3. Liquidated Damages – Pre-Opening Termination. If we terminate this Agreement pursuant 
to Section 10(b), or if you terminate or purport to terminate this Agreement for any reason, except pursuant 
to Section 3 or Section 10(a), prior to the Hotel opening with our authorization pursuant to Section 6(s)(5), 
you will pay us, within 30 days after the termination, as liquidated damages  for unrealized Royalty Fees  
and not as a penalty for the premature termination of this Agreement, an amount equal to the product of (i) 
the number of contractually  approved Sleeping Rooms, multiplied by (ii) $25 .00, multiplied by (iii) 36 
months.  
 
4. Reasonable Estimate. You acknowledge and agree that the injury to us caused by your 
breach of this Agreement and its termination is difficult or impossible to accurately estimate, and that the 
methods of calculating liquidated damages in Sections 10(d)(2), 10(d)(3), and 11(a)  are reasonable 
estimates of our probable loss  of our Royalty Fees  resulting from your breach of this Agreement and its 
termination. Payment of liquidated damages by you does not affect your obligation to pay us all Monthly 
Fees and other fees and amounts due to us that accrued before the termination of this Agreement nor does 
it affect your continuing indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement.  Any other 
losses or damages caused by the early termination of this Agreement are subject to any other remedy 
available under law, in equity, or under the terms of this Agreement.  
 
e. Evidence of Breach. If the validity of the termination of this Agreement is disputed, we may 
introduce evidence of a breach of this Agreement or evidence of any claim associated with the Hotel, 
including any facilities that are managed by others at the Hotel, whether or not stated in the default or 
termination notice. 
 
11. Obligations on Termination. On termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason, you 
must, at your expense: 
 
a. Intellectual Property. Immediately discontinue all use of our Intellectual Property, refrain from 
using the Brand Mark to identify the Hotel and cease  to use the Choice -Related Words. If you do not 
immediately discontinue use of our Intellectual Property (including the Brand Mark) or use of the Choice-
Related Words following the expiration or termination of this Agreement, you will pay us, as liquidated 

16 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
damages and not as a penalty, the sum of $2,500 for each day following the expiration or termination of 
this Agreement that you continue to use our Intellectual Property (including the Brand Mark) or the Choice-
Related Words, and we will  have the right to seek injunctive and equitable relief for your infringement (or 
use of the Choice-Related Words) and, in that event, you waive, to the maximum extent permitted by law, 
any requirement for any bond for the issuance of any injunction, and if a bond is required, you agree that it 
will not exceed $1,000; 
 
b. Registration. Cancel any assumed name or similar registration containing our Intellectual 
Property (including the Brand Mark) or any variation or portion of our Intellectual Property (including the 
Brand Mark) or the Choice-Related Words, discontinue all use of any web sites or other electronic media 
(including social media) that markets goods and services under the Choice Marks and furnish us with 
reasonable evidence showing that you complied with these obligations within 30 days after termination or 
expiration of this Agreement; 
 
c. Payment. Promptly pay all sums owed to us and our subsidiaries or affiliates, and all damages, 
costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that we incur, either before or following the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, as a result of your default, including all outstanding Monthly 
Fees, any liquidated damages due under this Agreement, and any costs and expenses we incur to obtain 
injunctive relief or other remedies for the enforcement of any portion of this Agreement; and 
 
d. Return or Destroy Materials. Immediately return to us, or at our option, destroy all originals and 
copies of any materials that we have provided to you relating to our System and your operation of the Hotel, 
including all copies of any manuals, the Rules and Regulations and any data stored in or generated by our 
Property Management System and Reservation System. Except for your copy of this Agreement and other 
documents that you reasonably need to comply with applicable laws, you may not retain any material that 
we provided to you during the Term. 
 
12. Insurance.  
 
a. Pre-Opening Coverage. You must purchase by Construction Start and maintain until the 
Opening Date, at your expense, directly or through your general contractor, the types and amounts of 
insurance coverage as we may require in the Rules and Regulations or otherwise in writing, including, but 
not limited to:  
 
1. General Liability. Commercial General Liability Insurance (including automobile liability, 
bodily injury and property damage) protecting you and naming us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, our 
and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees as Additional Insureds (as defined in Section 
12(c)) from and against all types of liabilities, including personal injury and property damage, together with 
the costs of defense and/or adjustments arising out of the operations to construct or renovate the Hotel.  
The insurance must include coverage for contractual liability, explosion, collapse and underground property 
damage hazard liability, personal injury liability, products and completed operations liability, owner's and 
contractor's protective liability, and independent contractor's liability and must be accompanied by waivers 
of subrogation in our favor and the favor of our affiliates and subsidiaries, the officers, directors, agents and 
employers of us, our affiliates and subsidiaries.  
 
2. Builder’s Risk. All-risk builder’s risk coverage to insure the Hotel buildings under 
construction or renovation to 100% of their replacement cost value, protecting you, us and the Additional 
Insureds, and a workers' compensation policy as required by statute.  
 
b. Post-Opening Coverage. Beginning no later than the Opening Date and for the rest of the Term, 
you must purchase and maintain, at your expense, the type s and amounts of insurance coverage as we 
may require in the Rules and Regulations or otherwise in writing, including, but not limited to:  
 
1. Physical Damage Coverage. All-risk physical damage coverage, insuring the Hotel and its 
contents for its full replacement cost. If the Hotel is damaged or destroyed, and unless a mortgagee requires 
otherwise, the proceeds of any insurance will be used to repair or restore the Hotel in accordance with your 

17 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
plans that we approve. Your insurance must contain a waiver of subrogation in our favor and the favor of 
our affiliates and subsidiaries, the officers, directors, agents and employees of us, our affiliates and 
subsidiaries.  
 
2. General Liability; Automobile. Commercial Automobile and Commercial General Liability 
Insurance policies written on an occurrence form protecting you and the Additional Insureds (as defined in 
Section 12(c)) from and against all manner of liability.  The coverage described in the preceding sentence 
is primary to any coverage that we maintain and must include Contractual, Products and Completed 
Operations, Independent Contractors, Personal Injury, Property Damage, Bodily Injury and Host Liquor 
Liability coverage (if applicable), together with the costs and expenses of the defense and/or adjustment of 
injury or damage, without exception, from or in any way related to any operation or activity conducted under 
this Agreement and/or of the Hotel, including adjacent areas like swimming pools, parking lots, restaurants, 
and bars. Your Automobile Liability Policy must cover owned, hired and non- owned vehicles used in the 
operation of the Hotel. The policies described in this Section 12(b)(2) must cover lawsuits or actions brought 
anywhere in the world. These policies must provide limits per location and per occurrence as required in 
the Rules and Regulations and must be accompanied by a waiver of subrogation in favor of the Additional 
Insureds. You may meet the required total minimum limits through a combination of primary and umbrella 
policies. If alcoholic beverages are sold at the Hotel (whether or not you own the establishment that sells 
the alcohol), you must purchase and maintain Dram Shop/Liquor Liability Insurance with such limits as 
required in the Rules and Regulations. 
 
3. Workers’ Compensation. Statutory Workers Compensation and Employers Liability 
insurance with minimum Employers Liability limits  per accident and per disease as required in the Rules 
and Regulations. 
 
4. Business Interruption. Business interruption insurance which shall provide for coverage of 
a minimum of three (3) months in the event the Hotel is not operational at any time during the Term.  Your 
business interruption insurance policy must name us as a specific loss payee. 
 
5. Cyber Liability. Cyber Liability insurance providing minimum coverage as required by the 
Rules and Regulations. 
 
6. Other Insurance. Pollution Legal Liability insurance covering bodily injury, property 
damage, cleanup costs and defense costs arising from, or associated with, a pollution condition at a 
covered location.  In addition, Employment Practices Liability insurance, including coverage for third-party 
violation claims and prior acts. 
 
c. Additional Insured Requirement . You must also obtain and attach an endorsement for all 
commercial automobile, commercial general  and umbrella policies used to meet  the requirements in 
Sections 12(a) and 12(b)  adding us, our affiliates and subsidiaries, our and their respective officers, 
directors, agents, partners and employees, as additional insureds ("Additional Insureds").  
 
d. Rating; Primary Coverage; Notice of Change. You must place your insurance with insurance 
companies reasonably acceptable to us and with an A.M. Best Rating of A -, VI or better. All insurance, 
commercial automobile, commercial general liability, umbrella and dram shop/liquor liability (if applicable), 
that you purchase must be specifically endorsed to provide that the coverage will be primary and that any  
insurance carried by Additional Insureds will be excess and non-contributory. We may reasonably change 
the insurance coverage requirements set forth in this Section 12 during the Term by giving you at least 30 
days’ notice of the change. You must comply with our directions, at your expense, and deliver to us evidence 
of your compliance before the change becomes effective. 
 
e. Certificates of Insurance. You must send us, by no later than ten (10) days prior to Construction 
Start and/or the Opening Date, as applicable under Sections 12(a) and 12(b), certificates of insurance, 
endorsements, declarations and/or other documents requested by us, indicating your property code, the 
Hotel name and address, and proof that you have purchased the required insurance coverage and the 
Additional Insureds endorsement has been accepted by your insurance carrier.  You must also provide us 

18 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
with evidence of renewal before the expiration date of each insurance policy.  You are responsible for  
providing us with 30 days advanced written notice if the certificate of insurance by the insurer has been 
canceled, reduced in coverage, or otherwise altered.  Acceptance by Choice of an improper certificate of 
insurance shall not constitute a waiver, release or modification of any of the insurance coverage and 
endorsements required under this Agreement. 
 
f. Procurement of Insurance. If you, for any reason, fail to procure or provide us with evidence 
that you maintain at least the minimum insurance required by Section 12(a) or 12(b), as applicable (or as 
designated by us from time to time in the Rules and Regulations) together with the endorsement required 
by Section 12(c), you acknowledge and agree that we will have the immediate right and authority, but not 
the obligation, to procure such insurance on your behalf, and charge you the cost of the insurance and, at 
our option, a reasonable penalty. You agree that you will reimburse us for the cost of such insurance and 
for any reasonable out -of-pocket costs that we incur should we elect to obtain such insurance within 30 
days of receipt of our notice that such costs are due and payable to us.   The foregoing shall not limit our 
right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10(b)(2)(g). 
 
g. No Waiver of Obligations. Your purchase and maintenance of insurance and your performance 
of your obligations under this Agreement are in addition to your obligation to indemnify us.  If applicable, 
you should obtain additional insurance coverage since we do not require insurance against all potentially 
insurable risks, such as Employment Practices Liability insurance; if you do, for your protection, you should 
name us as an Additional Insured on this additional coverage. 
  
13. Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you must defend, indemnify and hold 
harmless us, our affiliates and subsidiaries, our and their respective officers, directors, agents, partners and 
employees (each, an “Indemnified Party”) from and against any claim, loss, cost, damage, expense 
judgment and liability, including, but not limited to, employment related liability and environmental liability 
(a “Claim”), including reasonable attorneys’ fees (whether or not a lawsuit has been filed) a nd any court 
costs, resulting in whole or in part from any damage or loss, including personal injury, of any nature, 
connected with the Hotel construction, renovation or operation, or any facilities that are managed by others 
in the Hotel, or out of, or as  a result of, in whole or in part your (or your agent’s or employee’s) error, 
omission, act or failure, even where negligence of an Indemnified Party is alleged, except to the extent that 
the loss, costs, damage, expense or liability is solely and proximately caused by the negligence of an 
Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are required by a court of law to contribute to any 
Claim, the amount of our contribution will be calculated by applying principles of comparative negligence 
where a Claim was jointly caused by your negligence and by our negligence. You must reimburse us for all 
amounts we reasonably spend, including attorneys’ fees and court costs, to protect the Indemnified Parties 
from, or to remedy, your defaults under this Agreement or claims arising out of your operation of the Hotel. 
We will have the sole and exclusive control (including the right to be represented by attorneys of our 
choosing) over the defense of any Claims against an Indemnified Party and over their settlement, 
compromise or other disposition. This provision will be deemed divisible, such that if it is in any way (or to 
any extent) determined to be invalid or unenforceable, it will be deemed modified so as to be valid and 
enforceable and to be in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law. This provision will survive 
the expiration or termination of this Agreement.  
 
14. Casualty. If the Hotel is damaged by fire, natural disaster or other casualty, you must promptly and 
properly repair the damage. If the damage or repair requires closing the Hotel, you must immediately notify 
us, begin reconstruction within 6 months after that closing; reopen the Hotel for continuous business 
operation in accordance with the Rules and Regulations as soon as practicable (but in any event within 12 
months after the Hotel closing), and send us at least 30 days’ prior written notice of the date of reopening. 
Upon your written request, and so long as you are in compliance with this Section 14, we will extend the 
Term of this Agreement by the number of days between the date of the original closing of the Hotel and the 
date of reopening. If insurance proceeds are not available or are insufficient to repair or rebuild the Hotel 
and if you provide us with reasonable evidence that such proceeds are not available to you within 6 months 
after the original closing of the Hotel, and provided that you are not in default at the time of casualty and 
are not the cause of the insurance proceeds not being available, then we will terminate this Agreement in 
accordance with its terms without penalty to either party. 

19 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
 
15. Notices. All notices required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing, must be 
personally delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by a nationally 
recognized delivery or courier service that allows tracking of packages or letters , to us at Choice Hotels 
International, Inc., 915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, Attention: 
General Counsel , or at such other address we require upon written notice to you, and to you at the 
Designated Representative's address set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement . You authorize the 
Designated Representative to submit written notices to us or receive our written notices to you as your 
agent. Any notice by registered or certified mail or by delivery or courier service is deemed given and 
received at the date and time of sending.  You may change the Designated Representative and/or the 
Designated Representative’s address by written notice to us. 
 
16. Attorneys’ Fees. Attorneys’ fees must be paid according to the terms of this Section 16 and also, 
as may be applicable, Section 13 of this Agreement. The prevailing party (as determined by the court or 
arbitrator) in any arbitration or claim filed to enforce the terms of this Agreement will recover from the other 
party reasonable fees of its attorneys calculated as the lesser of (1) the attorney’s hourly rate multiplied by 
the number of hours worked (less any discounts provided to the party), or (2) the  amount owed under the 
contractual payment arrangement between the party and its attorneys,  along with any attorney costs and 
expenses, court costs, arbitration costs, arbitrator fees, the reasonable costs of necessary expert 
witnesses, and the reasonable travel costs (including food and lodging) of the prevailing party’s witnesses 
in the proceeding.  If such a claim seeks, in whole or in part, attorneys’ fees under Section 13, that provision 
will control. Any judgment or arbitration award for fees or other  amounts owed to us to enforce our rights 
under Section 4, Section 10(d) or Section 21 of this Agreement will bear interest at the rate referred to in 
Section 4(f) until paid. 
 
17. Taxes, Permits; Notice of Legal Actions. 
 
a. Taxes. You must pay when due all taxes related to the Hotel that may be levied or assessed 
by any federal, state, or local taxing authority, and all other indebtedness related to the Hotel.  You shall 
comply with all federal, state, and local tax laws.  You shall pay all property taxes imposed on your property 
when they are due.   You shall be responsible for all state and local sales and transaction taxes that are 
imposed on, or measured by, the gross receipts paid to Choice pursuant to this Agreement.  
 
b. Permits. You must timely obtain and maintain all permits, certificates and licenses necessary 
for the construction, renovation, operation and maintenance of the Hotel, including licenses to do business, 
fictitious name registration and sales tax permits, health and sanitation permits, and ratings and fire 
clearances. You must send us, within 10 days of your receipt, copies of all inspection reports, warnings, 
certificates, and ratings, received from any governmental entity. 
 
c. Notice of Suit. You must notify us in writing and provide us with copies, within 5 days of your 
receipt, of any actual or threatened criminal or civil action, suit, proceeding, or the issuance of any order, 
writ, injunction, award, or decree of any court, agency, or other governmental instrumentality affecting you 
or the Hotel. 
 
18. Approvals and Waivers. 
 
a. Approvals. Our approvals and consents will not be effective unless signed by one of our duly-
authorized representatives. We may withhold our consent in our reasonable discretion or at any time when 
you are in breach of any obligation under this Agreement.  
 
b. Reliance; No Liability. Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement (including any 
addenda or amendments), we make no warranties or guarantees on which you may rely.  We assume no 
liability or obligation to you by providing any waiver, approval, consent, suggestion to you, or by reason of 
any delay or denial of any request that you make to us. 
 
c. No Waiver/Forbearance. Failure to exercise any power or to insist on strict compliance with 

20 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
any obligation or condition under this Agreement is not a waiver of any future right to demand exact 
compliance with any of the terms in this Agreement.  Waiver of any particular default  or extension of any 
cure period will not affect or impair a party’s rights with respect to any later default of the same, similar, or 
a different nature. No delay, forbearance, or omission to exercise any power or right of a party following 
any breach or default of any of the terms, sections, or covenants of this Agreement by the defaulting party, 
will affect or impair the rights of the party not in default. 
 
19. Acknowledgments. 
 
a. No Warranty or Guarantee. You acknowledge and agree that you have conducted an 
independent investigation of the benefits of signing this Agreement, and you understand that the business 
venture contemplated by this Agreement involves business risks, and that its success will be largely 
dependent on your ability as an independent businessperson. We have not made, and you acknowledge 
that you have not received from us or our agents, any representations, projection, warranty or guarantee, 
express or implied, as to the profitability or other potential success of the business venture contemplated 
by this Agreement. 
 
b. Limited Rights. You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement and the limited rights to use 
the Intellectual Property granted to you in accordance with this Agreement relate only to the Hotel and the 
Location. Except as may be specifically set forth in Section 2, this Agreement does not grant you any 
protected area, market or territorial rights. Subject to the terms of our then -current version of the fair 
franchising policy, which we may amend, change or substitute from time to time (“Fair Franchising Policy”): 
(i) we may own, operate, or franchise other hotels and/or allow such hotels to use our Intellectual Property 
(including the Brand Mark), at any other location, either separately or combined, and (ii) we, and any of our 
affiliates and other franchisees may now or in the future engage in transient lodging or related business 
activities that may compete with the Hotel.  The Incremental Impact Policy, which is referenced in the Fair 
Franchising Policy, does not apply to the Hotel. 
 
c. Control; No Duty; Independent Contractor. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely 
responsible for exercising ordinary, day-to-day business control over the Hotel, including all personnel and 
employment related matters and decisions and pricing of rooms and other services at the Hotel, regardless 
of any advice or consultation received from us. This includes, but is not limited to, hiring and firing 
employees, supervising and controlling employees’ work schedules and conditions of employment, 
determining employees’ rate and method of payment, and maintaining employees’ employment records.  
Neither this Agreement  nor the Rules and Regulations  create a fiduciary  or joint employer  relationship 
between you and us  or between your employees and us. You are an independent contractor.  Nothing in 
this Agreement or the Rules and Regulations  makes, or is intended to make, either party an agent, legal 
representative, subsidiary, joint venturer, partner, employee, joint employer or servant of the other (except 
that you agree that we may act as your agent when making reservations for your Hotel).  
 
d. No Right to Contract; No Third -Party Obligations; Truthfulness. You acknowledge and agree 
that you are not authorized to make any contract, agreement, warranty, or representation on our behalf, or 
to incur any debt or other obligation in our name; and we shall in no event assume liability for, or be deemed 
liable hereunder as a result of, any such action. You acknowledge and agree that you will not represent in 
any proposed financing agreement or to any proposed lender or participant in a public or private investment 
offering that we or any of our affiliates is, or will, become responsible for your obligations under the financing 
agreement, nor that we are, or will be, participating in any private or public investment offering. Before you 
distribute a prospectus of your intended private or public offering, you must send us a copy for our prior 
written approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, of references made to us in the prospectus. You warrant 
the truth and completeness of all your statements in your application and the content of all other documents 
that you send to us as part of the application process and that you are required to submit to us under this 
Agreement.  
 
e. Disclosure. You acknowledge that you received from us the Franchise Disclosure Document 
required by the Federal Trade Commission and by the applicable state(s) in which you live and where the 
Hotel is located at least 14 days before you signed this Agreement or paid to us any consideration for the 

21 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
hotel franchise.  
 
f. Ownership. You warrant that you are the true owner of, and record holder of title to, the Hotel, 
or that you are currently  leasing the Hotel under a lease that allows you the right to enter into this 
Agreement. If you are a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity, all owners of the 
entity, including any subsequent person or entity that becomes an owner at any time after the Effective 
Date, shall sign our then- current form of personal guaranty agreement , unless expressly waived by us in 
our sole discretion. 
 
g. Data Security. You acknowledge and agree that we and you each own the rights in and to any 
data captured by the Property Management System or Reservation System (“Guest Data”) and that we 
may use Guest Data in any reasonable manner that we determine. You also acknowledge and agree that 
you are obligated to comply with all information security and data privacy standards and requirements 
contained in the Rules and Regulations and all applicable federal and state laws, regulations, and standards 
relating to information security and data privacy, including, without limitation, the Payment Card Industry 
Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”). You must secure all Guest Data against loss or theft and against 
unauthorized or unintended access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. You agree to notify us in 
writing as soon as practicable (and at least within 24 hours) of any known, suspected, or alleged security 
breach of Guest Data in your possession or custody or under your control. You also acknowledge and 
agree that you are obligated to indemnify us from and against any Claim resulting from any such data 
security breach pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent we 
possess or otherwise provide services that allow for the storage, processing, or transmittal of Guest Data 
as defined by the PCI DSS (“Services”), or to the extent we could impact the security of the Guest Data 
environment, we will remain in compliance with the applicable PCI DSS requirements with respect to those 
Services. We will also remain aware of changes to the PCI DSS and implement all procedures and practices 
as may be reasonably necessary for the Services to remain in compliance with the PCI DSS, in each case 
at our sole cost and expense. 
 
h. Marketing and Reservation Fee. You acknowledge and agree that we may use the Marketing 
and Reservation Fee to meet any or all costs incident to providing the Hotel (and all Other Choice Brand 
Hotels) with marketing and advertising services and the Reservation System, and that such costs may 
include certain of our overhead expenses that are reasonably allocated to provide such services. You 
further agree that we have the absolute and unilateral right to determine, when, how and what portion of 
the Marketing and Reservation Fee may be used for (i) marketing purposes, including the right to purchase 
and pay for marketing services , product research and development, production materials, ad slicks, 
brochures, videotapes, radio and television commercials, media advertising (internet, television, radio, 
cable, magazines, newspapers and other print), services provided by advertising ag encies, market 
research, trade shows, conventions, promotions, research and design, public relations, and loyalty 
programs, (ii) the development, operation and maintenance of the Reservation System, and (iii) the cost of 
personnel, accounting services, travel expenses, office space, overhead costs, administrative costs, 
computers, other equipment, furniture, salaries and fringe benefits, development, design and maintenance 
of internet web-pages and websites, including internet service provider costs, network costs, and for other 
similar costs that we reasonably deem to be appropriate. You also acknowledge that other franchisees 
authorized to use our System may not contribute the same percentage or total amount that you must pay 
to us as the Marketing and Reservation Fee. You further acknowledge and agree that we are not obligated, 
in expending the Marketing and Reservation Fee, to make expenditures for your Hotel or Brand Mark which 
are equivalent or proportionate to your contribution. 
 
i. ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use. You acknowledge and agree that your right to use 
the Property Management System will be governed by the ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use that 
are provided to you in an online format which you agree to review periodically. You acknowledge and agree 
that the ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use are specifically incorporated as part of this Agreement 
and you will comply with the terms and conditions of the then-current ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of 
Use. You agree that you, the Hotel’s general manager, or any other authorized employee of the Hotel 
(“Authorized User”) may accept and agree on behalf of you to the terms and conditions of the 
ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use. You also acknowledge and agree that we have the right, in our 

22 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of the ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms 
of Use . Changes to the ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use will be posted online and will be 
immediately effective. You agree that use by an Authorized User of the Property Management System after 
we post any such changes will indicate that you accept and agree to the ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms 
of Use, as modified.  
 
j. No Liability. You acknowledge and agree that we will not assume liability for, or be deemed 
liable as a result of, any act or omission of yours relating to the construction, renovation, operation, 
maintenance or promotion of the Hotel or for any claim or judgment arising from such act or omission. 
 
k. Anti-Terrorism/Anti-Bribery Laws. You individually represent and warrant to us that neither you 
(including your directors and officers, senior management and shareholders (or other persons) having a 
controlling interest in you), nor any affiliates or funding sources are (a) owned or controlled by, or acting on 
behalf of, the government of any country that is subject to an embargo imposed by the United States 
government; or (b) an entity or individual (“Person”) identified by any government or legal authority under 
applicable laws as a Person with whom dealings and transactions by us are prohibited or restricted, 
including Persons designated on the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control 
(OFAC) List of Specially Designated Nationals and Other Blocked Persons (including known terrorists and 
narcotics and human traffickers). You will promptly notify us in writing upon the occurrence of any event 
which would render the foregoing representations and warranties incorrect.  You further represent  and 
warrant to us that you, including persons having a controlling interest in you, are not in violation of any anti-
money laundering laws, anti-terrorism, anti-bribery, trade sanctions or other laws or embargoes, including 
without limitation the U.S. Patriot Act and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and related regulations 
and executive orders. You represent and warrant that you are qualified to do business in the United States, 
have the authority to execute this Agreement, and are eligible under applicable United States laws to carry 
out the obligations under this Agreement and any subsequent assumption of your rights and obligations 
under this Agreement. 
 
l.   Child Protection Code of Conduct. We are a member of “The Code of Conduct for the Protection 
of Children from Sexual Exploitation in Travel and Tourism” (www.thecode.org) (“The Code”), which is an 
industry-driven responsible tourism initiative with a mission to provide awareness, tools, and support to the 
tourism industry in order to prevent the sexual exploitation of children.  You agree to support the principles 
of The Code and to take all reasonable steps at the Hotel, including the training of staff, to recognize and 
prevent all forms of human trafficking. 
 
20. Miscellaneous. 
 
a. Severability. If any section of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, both 
parties agree that (i) the section will be removed; (ii) this Agreement will be understood and enforced as if 
the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable section had never been in this Agreement; and (iii) the remaining 
sections will remain in full force and effect and will not be affected by the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable 
section or by its removal. A section similar to the removed section will be automatically added as a part of 
this Agreement to the maximum extent enforceable. 
 
b. No Third-Party Beneficiaries . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, 
nothing in this Agreement is intended, nor will anything in this Agreement be deemed, to confer on any 
person or legal entity other than us or you, or our respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights 
or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 
c. Headings. All captions and headings in this Agreement are intended solely for the convenience 
of the parties and do not affect the meaning or construction of any section. 
 
d. References. All references to the masculine, neuter, or singular, include the masculine, 
feminine, neuter, or plural.  The word “include” and its derivatives are not to be construed as terms of 
limitation. If “you” consists of more than one person or entity, your acknowledgments, promises, covenants, 
agreements, and obligations made or undertaken in this Agreement are jointly and severally undertaken by 

23 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
each of you.  
 
e. Counterparts. If this Agreement is executed in multiple counterparts, each executed copy is an 
original. 
 
f. Governing Law. This Agreement becomes valid and effective only when we have signed it, and 
it will be interpreted under the substantive laws of Maryland, not including its conflict of laws provision or 
such provisions of any other jurisdiction; except that nothing herein shall be construed to establish 
independently your right to pursue claims under Maryland’s Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
g. Cumulative Rights and Remedies. Rights and remedies stated in this Agreement are 
cumulative and not exclusive of any other right or remedy. 
 
h. Attachments/Addenda. All attachments , addenda and amendments  to this Agreement are 
incorporated into and a part of this Agreement. Any addenda or amendments to this Agreement will not be 
effective unless signed by one of our duly -authorized representatives and by you.  All duly -executed 
addenda and/or amendments are incorporated into and will become a part of this Agreement. 
 
i. Survival. Those of your obligations and our obligations under this Agreement which expressly 
or by their nature survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement will survive such expiration 
or termination, including, but not limited to, Sections 7, 10(d), 11, 13, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 24. 
 
j. Seal. This Agreement is a contract under seal and is intended by the parties to be a specialty 
under Maryland law.  
 
k. Electronic Signatures. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that electronic signatures, 
facsimile signatures or signatures transmitted by electronic mail in so-called "pdf" format shall be legal and 
binding and shall have the same full force and effect as if an original of  this Agreement had been signed 
and delivered by hand.  You and we both (i) intend to be bound by the signatures (whether original, faxed 
or electronic) on any document sent by electronic means, (ii) are aware that the other party will rely on such 
signatures, and (iii) hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of the terms of this Agreement based 
on the foregoing forms of signature. 
 
21. Arbitration. Except for our claims against you for indemnification or actions seeking to 
enjoin you from using any of our Intellectual Property (including the Brand Mark) or the Choice-
Related Words in violation of this Agreement  or any other related agreements (including the 
ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use), any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or any other related agreements, or the breach of this Agreement  or any other related 
agreements, including any claim that this Agreement or any part of this Agreement or any related 
agreements is invalid, illegal, or otherwise voidable or void, as well as any claim that we violated 
any laws in connection with the offering, granting, execution or enforcement of this Agreement or 
any related agreements and any claim for declaratory relief, will be sent to final and binding 
arbitration in the state of Maryland before either the American Arbitration Association, J.A.M.S., or 
National Arbitration Forum in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American 
Arbitration Association, including its rules for emergency measures of protection, except to the 
extent that the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association may be 
interpreted to require you or us to produce documents, witnesses, or information at a time other 
than at a hearing on the claim without our mutual consent. In the event more than one demand for 
arbitration is filed in connection with this Agreement  or any related agreements, the demand filed 
with the American Arbitration Association, J.A.M.S., or National Arbitration Forum office having 
jurisdiction over Maryland proceedings shall take precedence, and any other demand shall be 
withdrawn and presented in the Maryland filing.  The arbitrator will apply the substantive laws of 
Maryland, without reference to its conflict of laws provision, except that nothing herein shall be 
construed to establish independently your right to pursue claims under Maryland’s Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court 
having jurisdiction. If any party fails to appear at any properly noticed arbitration proceeding, an 

24 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
award may be entered against the party, notwithstanding its failure to appear.  Any arbitration will 
be conducted at our headquarters office in Maryland and the parties agree that any state laws 
attempting to prohibit arbitration in Maryland are pre-empted by the Federal Arbitration Act. Nothing 
in this Section 21  will be construed as requiring you or us to make a claim in arbitration before 
exercising any rights you or we may have to give notice of default or termination in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement or any related agreements. 
 
22. NO CLASS ACTIONS. NEITHER YOU NOR WE SHALL SEEK TO LITIGATE OR ARBITRATE 
AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR SUCH PARTY’S AFFILIATES, EITHER AS 
A REPRESENTATIVE OF, OR ON BEHALF OF, ANY OTHER PERSON, CLASS, OR ENTITY, ANY 
DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY, OR CLAIM OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO, THIS 
AGREEMENT, THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES, THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE, 
OR OTHER CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION RELATING TO THE PERFORMANCE OF EITHER 
PARTY TO THIS AG REEMENT. NO ARBITRATION OR OTHER ACTION OR PROCEEDING UNDER 
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL ADD AS A PARTY, BY CONSOLIDATION, JOINDER, OR IN ANY OTHER 
MANNER, ANY PERSON OR PARTY OTHER THAN US AND YOU AND ANY PERSON IN PRIVITY 
WITH, OR CLAIMING THROUGH, IN THE RIGHT OF, OR ON BEHALF OF, US OR YOU, UNLESS BOTH 
WE AND YOU CONSENT IN WRITING.  WE HAVE THE ABSOLUTE RIGHT TO REFUSE SUCH 
CONSENT. YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN 
THE PARTIES, OR ANY AGREEMENT OR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND US OR ANY 
AFFILIATE OF OURS WILL BE CONSIDERED UNIQUE ON ITS FACTS AND MAY NOT BE BROUGHT 
AS A CLASS OR GROUP ACTION. 
 
23. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, 
INTENTIONALLY, AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, 
OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THEM AGAINST 
THE OTHER. 
 
24. INTEGRATION. THIS AGREEMENT, ALL OF ITS ATTACHMENTS , AND ANY AGREEMENT 
SPECIFICALLY MADE A PART OF THIS AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE TERMS HEREOF,  
CONTAIN THE COMPLETE UNDERSTAN DING OF THE PARTIES AND REPLACE  ANY PREVIOUS 
WRITTEN OR ORAL AGREEMENT ON THE SAME SUBJECT MATTER.  
 
 
  

25 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
ATTACHMENT A  
 
PROPERTY IMPROVEMENT PLAN 
 
[For existing hotels converting to use the Brand Mark] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attachment A 
  

26 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
ATTACHMENT B 
 
RIDER TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
[Other Modifications to the Franchise Agreement] 
 
 
 
 
 
Attachment B   

27 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
We and you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including all 
Attachments, by setting the hands and seals of our duly authorized and empowered representatives on this 
Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date.  
 
 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By: _________________________________ (Seal) 
Name: Christopher J. Wallace 
Title: Vice President and Assistant General Counsel  
 
 
«LIC_BLOCK» 
 
 
«FRANCHISEE» 
 
 
By:
 _______________________________ (Seal) 
Name: 
Title:  
 
 
Date: ________________________ 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
PLEASE INITIAL THE ATTACHED SCHEDULE A 

28 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
Schedule A – for Individuals 
 
By initialing this Schedule A that is attached to the Franchise Agreement, you certify that the 
information provided below is true and accurate.  The following represents the names and 
percentages owned of the individual owners of the Hotel. 
. 
 
 
Name of Individual Hotel Owner Percentage owned  
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
 
___________________________  ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
 
INITIAL HERE   _____

29 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
Schedule A – Entity Ownership Breakdown 
 
By initialing this Schedule A that is attached to the Franchise Agreement, you certify that the 
information provided below is true and accurate.  The following represents the names and 
percentages owned of «FRANCHISEE». 
 
 
Name of member/shareholder/partner Percentage owned  
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
 
 
INITIAL HERE   _____

30 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
Schedule A – Entity Ownership Breakdown 
 
By initialing this Schedule A that is attached to the Franchise Agreement, you certify that the 
information provided below is true and accurate.  The following represents the names and 
percentages owned of _________________________________.  
 
 
Name of member/shareholder/partner Percentage owned  
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
___________________________   ___________%   
(type or print) 
 
 
 
INITIAL HERE   _____ 

 
Page 1 of 3 
«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» 
«Brand_Name» 
 
GUARANTY 
 
 This Guaranty (“Guaranty”) is made as of ___________________, by (name of 
guarantors) (“each, individually a Guarantor”), in favor of and for the benefit of Choice Hotels 
International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Choice”).  In consideration of and as an inducement 
to Choice to execute a Franchise Agreement  by and between Choice and 
«LIC_BLOCK» 
(“Franchisee”), Guarantor agrees as follows: 
 
 1. Guarantor unconditionally warrants to Choice and its successor and assigns that 
all of Franchisee’s representations and warranties in (a) any application submitted by Franchisee 
to Choice; and (b) the Franchise Agreement are true, accurate and complete as of the time made 
as of the date of this Guaranty.   
 
2. Guarantor personally and unconditionally guarantees that all of Franchisee’s 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement, as amended,  and all related agreements will be 
punctually paid and performed. 
   
 3. Guarantor agrees that the obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall not 
be reduced, limited, terminated, discharged, impaired or otherwise affected by:  (a) the occurrence 
or continuance of a default under the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement; (b) any 
assignment of the Franchise Agreement; (c) any modification or amendment of, or waiver or 
consent or other action taken with respect to the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement; 
(d) the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, sale or other disposition of Franchisee’s assets, or the 
receivership, insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceedings affecting Franchisee 
or its assets or the release or discharge of Franchisee from any of its obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement; or (e) any change of circumstances, whether or not foreseeable, and 
whether or not any such change does or might vary the risk of Guarantor hereunder.  Any failure 
by Choice to exercise any power or right or to insist upon Guarantor’s compliance with any term 
under this Guaranty shall not constitute a waiver of Choice’s right to demand full compliance with 
any term of this Guaranty. 
 
 4. Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably waives notice of acceptance of this 
Guaranty, presentment, demand, diligence, protest and notice of dishonor or of any other kind to 
which Guarantor otherwise might be entitled under applicable law. 
 
 5. Guarantor agrees to promptly pay all sums owed to Choice and its subsidiaries or 
affiliates, and all damages, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that 
Choice or its subsidiaries or affiliates incur as a result of any default under this Guaranty, the 
Franchise Agreement, or any related Agreement, including all outstanding fees, any liquidated 
damages due under the Franchise Agreement, and any costs and expenses that Choice or its 
subsidiaries or affiliates incur to obtain injunctive relief for the enforcement of any portion of this 
Guaranty, the Franchise Agreement, or any related Agreement. 
 
 6. If more than one person or entity has signed this Guaranty as a Guarantor, the 
liability of each such Guarantor shall be joint, several and primary.  Each Guarantor shall be 
bound by his/her/its/their signature block below, and such Guarantor’s obligations hereunder are 
not contingent on any other Guarantor being bound hereby. 

 
Page 2 of 3 
 
 7. All notices required or permitted under this Guaranty must be in writing, must be 
personally delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by a 
nationally recognized courier service, to Choice at Choice Hotels International, Inc., 1 Choice 
Hotels Circle, 915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, Attention: 
General Counsel, and to Guarantor at the address set forth below .  Any notice by registered or 
certified mail or by courier service is deemed given and received at the date and time of 
sending.  Guarantor may change its address only by written notice to Choice, and Choice may 
change our address by written notice to Guarantor. 
 
 8. This Guaranty will be interpreted under the substantive laws of Maryland, not 
including its conflict of laws provision or such provisions of any other jurisdiction. 
 
9. Except for our claims for indemnification or actions seeking to enjoin you the use 
of any of our Intellectual Property or the Choice-Related Words in violation of the Franchise 
Agreement, any controversy or claim founded upon or arising out of or relating to this Guaranty, 
the Franchise Agreement, or any related Agreement, or to the breach of this Guaranty, the 
Franchise Agreement, or any related Agreement, will be sent to final and binding arbitration 
before either the American Arbitration Association, J.A.M.S., or National Arbitration Forum in 
accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, 
including its rules for emergency measures of protection, except to the extent that the 
Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association may be interpreted to require you or 
us to produce documents, witnesses, or information at a time other than at a hearing on the 
claim without our mutual consent.  In the event more than one demand for arbitration is filed in 
connection with this Guaranty, the Franchise Agreement, or any related Agreement, the demand 
filed with the American Arbitration Association, J.A.M.S., or National Arbitration Forum office 
having jurisdiction over Maryland proceedings shall take precedence, and any other demand 
shall be withdrawn and presented in the Maryland filing.  The arbitrator will apply the substantive 
laws of Maryland, without reference to its conflict of laws provision, except that nothing herein 
shall be construed to establish independently a right to pursue claims under Maryland’s 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered 
in any court having jurisdiction.  If any party fails to appear at any properly noticed arbitration 
proceeding, an award may be entered against the party, notwithstanding its failure to appear.  
Any arbitration will be conducted at Choice’s headquarters office in Maryland.  Nothing in this 
Section will be construed as requiring you or us to make a claim in arbitration before exercising 
any rights Choice or Guarantor may have to give notice of default or termination in accordance 
with the terms of this Guaranty. 
  

 
Page 3 of 3 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have set his/her/its/their hands and seals on 
the date noted above. 
 
 
Add all Guarantors (entities & people 
individually), Individually, Jointly and Severally  
 
 
 (name of entity)  
 
 
 
By: ____________________________L.S. 
Name: 
Title: 
 
Social Security No.  ____________________ 
 
Date: ________________________ 
 
 
Address:  _____________________________ 
 
 ____________________________________ 
 
 
 , Individually  
 
 
 
_______________________________L.S. 
 
Social Security No.  ___________________  
 
Date: ________________________ 
 
Address:  ____________________________ 
 
 ____________________________________ 
 
 
 

65618872v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE 
CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of California.  If and to the extent that the California Franchise Investment Law  (“California 
Franchise Investment Law” or “Law”) applies to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede 
anything to the contrary in the Agreement: 
 
1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Franchise Agreement, to 
the extent that the Franchise Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, 
such provisions are hereby amended: 
The Franchise Agreement requires franchisee to execute a general release of claims upon 
renewal or transfer of the franchise agreement.  California Corporations Code Section 31512 
provides that any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any  person acquiring 
any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or order there 
under is void.  Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment 
Law (California Corporations Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the 
Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 – 20043)). 
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of Maryland.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under California law.   
The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause.  Under California Civil Code 
§1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable. 
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to 
the franchisee concerning termination or non-renewal of a franchise.  The Federal Bankruptcy 
Code also provides rights to franchisee concerning termination of the Franchise Agreement 
upon certain bankruptcy-related events.  If the Franchise Agreement is inconsistent with the 
law, the law will control. 
The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration.  The arbitration will occur in Maryland 
with the cost being borne by the parties as determined by the arbitrator.  Prospective 
franchisees are encouraged to consult with private legal counsel to determine the applicability 
of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, 
Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of a 
franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.   
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
termination of the franchise.  This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
[Signature page follows.] 
 
 

65618872v1 
 
 
 
The parties to this Addendum agree to be bound by the terms of this Addendum as of the effective 
date of the Agreement as evidenced by their signatures below. 
 
Witness: 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
 
 
  

65618872v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE 
HAWAII FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of Hawaii.  If and to the extent that the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law  (“Hawaii Franchise 
Investment Law” or “Law”) applies to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to 
the contrary in the Agreement: 
 
1. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
2. Section 24 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to add the following:  
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY RELATED AGREEMENT, HOWEVER, IS 
INTENDED TO DISCLAIM THE REPRESENTATIONS WE MADE IN THE FRANCHISE 
DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT WE FURNISHED TO YOU. 
The parties to this Addendum agree to be bound by the terms of this Addendum as of the effective 
date of the Agreement as evidenced by their signatures below. 
 
Witness: 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
 
 
  

65618872v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE 
ILLINOIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACT 
 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of Illinois.  If and to the extent that the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act (“Illinois Franchise 
Disclosure Act” or “Act”) applies to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to 
the contrary in the Agreement: 
 
1. Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement. 
 
2. Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any provision in a 
franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue outside the State of Illinois is void.  
However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration outside of Illinois.   
 
3. Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any condition, 
stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance 
with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
 
4. Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise agreement are set forth 
in section 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
 
5. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee 
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
The parties to this Addendum agree to be bound by the terms of this Addendum as of the effective 
date of the Agreement as evidenced by their signatures below. 
 
Witness: 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
 

65618872v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE 
MARYLAND FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACT 
 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of Maryland. If and to the extent that the Maryland Franchise Disclosure Act (“Maryland 
Franchise Disclosure Act” or “Act”) applies to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede 
anything to the contrary in the Agreement: 
 
1. All representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppel 
or waiver of liability are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any 
liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
2. Nothing in the Franchise Agreement prevents the franchisee from bringing a lawsuit 
in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
3. Nothing in the Franchise Agreement operates to reduce the 3- year statute of 
limitations afforded to a franchisee for bringing a claim arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law.  Further, any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise. 
 
4. The Federal Bankruptcy laws may not allow the enforcement of the provisions for 
termination upon bankruptcy of the franchisee. 
 
5. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee 
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
6. Sections 19(a) and 19(e) of the Franchise Agreement are deleted in their entirety. 
 
The parties to this Addendum agree to be bound by the terms of this Addendum as of the effective 
date of the Agreement as evidenced by their signatures below. 
 
Witness: 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
 
 
 
  

65618872v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO 
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of Minnesota.  If and to the extent that the Minnesota Franchise Disclosure laws apply to the 
Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to the contrary in the Agreement: 
 
1. With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, franchisor shall 
comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd. 4 which requires that except for certain specified cases, 
that franchisee be given 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of this Franchise Agreement.   
 
2. The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that franchisor indemnify 
franchisees whose franchise is located in Minnesota against liability to third parties resulting from 
claims by third parties that the franchisee’s use of franchisor’s trademarks (“Marks”) infringe upon 
the trademark rights of the third party.  Franchisor does not indemnify against the consequences of 
a franchisee’s use of franchisor’s trademark but franchisor shall indemnify franchisee for claims 
against franchisee solely as it relates  to franchisee’s use of the Marks in accordance with the 
requirements of the Franchise Agreement and franchisor’s standards.  As a further condition to 
indemnification, the franchisee must provide notice to franchisor of any such claim immediately and 
tender the defense of the claim to franchisor.  If franchisor accepts tender of defense, franchisor has 
the right to manage the defense of the claim, including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise 
resolve the claim, or to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the claim.   
 
3. Franchisee will not be required to assent to a release, assignment, novation, or waiver 
that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statute §§ 80C.01 – 80C.22. 
 
4. With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, franchisor shall 
comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd. 3 which requires that except for certain specified cases, 
a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure).  Termination of the 
franchise by the franchisor shall be effective immediately upon receipt by franchisee of the notice of 
termination where its grounds for termination or cancellation are: (1) voluntary abandonment of the 
franchise relationship by the franchisee; (2) the conviction of the franchisee of an offense directly 
related to the business conducted according to the Franchise Agreement; or (3) failure of the 
franchisee to cure a default under the Franchise Agreement which materially impairs the goodwill 
associated with the franchisor’s trade name, trademark, service mark, logo type or other commercial 
symbol after the franchisee has received written notice to cure of at least twenty -four (24) hours in 
advance thereof.   
 
5. According to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 in Minnesota Rules or 2860.4400J, the terms of 
the Franchise Agreement shall not in any way abrogate or reduce your rights as provided for in Minn. 
Stat. 1984, Chapter 80C, including the right to submit certain matters to the jurisdiction of the courts 
of Minnesota.  In addition, nothing in this Franchise Agreement shall abrogate or reduce any of 
franchisee’s rights as provided for in Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum or 
remedy provided for by the laws of the State of Minnesota. 
 
6. Any claims franchisee may have against the franchisor that have arisen under the 
Minnesota Franchise Laws shall be governed by the Minnesota Franchise Law. 
 
7. The Franchise Agreement contains a waiver of jury trial provision.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under Minnesota law. 
 
8. Franchisee consents to the franchisor seeking injunctive relief without the necessity of 
showing actual or threatened harm.  A court shall determine if a bond or other security is required.   
 

65618872v1 
 
 
9. The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages provision.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under Minnesota law. 
 
10. Any action pursuant to Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, Subd. 5 must be 
commenced no more than 3 years after the cause of action accrues. 
11. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee 
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud i n the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date set forth 
above. 
 
Witness: 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
 
 

65618872v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR NEW YORK  
 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of New York.  If and to the extent that the New York General Business Law regarding 
franchises applies to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to the contrary 
in the Agreement: 
 
1. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement that is inconsistent with the New York General 
Business Law, Article 33, Section 680 - 695 may not be enforceable. 
 
2. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement requiring franchisee to sign a general release of 
claims against franchisor does not release any claim franchisee may have under New York 
General Business Law, Article 33, Sections 680-695. 
 
3. The New York Franchise Law shall govern any claim arising under that law. 
 
4. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date set forth 
above. 
 
 
 
Witness: 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
 
 

65618872v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR  
NORTH DAKOTA 
 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold 
in the State of North Dakota.  If and to the extent that the North Dakota franchise statutes 
and regulations apply to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to 
the contrary in the  Agreement: 
 
1. Any release executed in connection with a renewal shall not apply to any 
claims that may arise under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
 
2. Covenants not to compete during the term of and upon termination or 
expiration of the franchise agreement are enforceable only under certain conditions 
according to North Dakota law.  If the Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to 
compete that is inconsistent with North Dakota law, the covenant may be unenforceable.   
 
3. The choice of law other than the State of North Dakota may not be 
enforceable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  If the laws of a state other 
than North Dakota govern, to the extent that such law conflicts with North Dakota law, 
North Dakota law will control.   
 
4. The waiver of punitive or exemplary damages may not be enforceable 
under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.   
 
5. The waiver of trial by jury may not be enforceable under the North Dakota 
Franchise Investment Law.  
 
6. The requirement that arbitration be held outside the State of North Dakota 
may not be enforceable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. Any mediation 
or arbitration will be held at a site agreeable to all parties.    
 
7. The requirement that a franchisee consent to termination or liquidated 
damages has been determined by the Commissioner to be unfair, unjust and inequitable 
within the intent of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  This requirement may 
not be enforceable under North Dakota law. 
 
8. The Franchise Agreement states that franchisee must consent to the 
jurisdiction of courts located outside the State of North Dakota.  This requirement may not 
be enforceable under North Dakota law.   
 
9. The Franchise Agreement requires the franchisee to consent to a limitation 
of claims within one year.  To the extent this requirement conflicts with North Dakota law, 
North Dakota law will apply.   
 
Franchise Agreement stipulates that the franchisee shall pay all costs and 
expenses incurred by Franchisor in enforcing the agreement.  For North Dakota 
franchisees, the prevailing party is entitled to recover all costs and expenses, 
including attorneys’ fees. 
 
10. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 

65618872v1 
 
 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have 
the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud 
in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, 
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
The parties to this Addendum agree to be bound by the terms of this Addendum as of 
the effective date of the Agreement as evidenced by their signatures below. 
 
Witness: 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
 
 
 

65618872v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT  
FOR THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND 
 
 This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement  (the “Agreement”) pertains to 
franchises sold in the State of Rhode Island.  If and to the extent that the Rhode Island 
franchise statutes and regulations apply to the Agreement, the following provisions 
supersede anything to the contrary in the Agreement: 
 
1. If Section 20(f) or 20(a) of the Agreement is inconsistent with § 19-28.1.-14 
of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, which states that a provision 
in a franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside 
the state of Rhode Island or requiring the application of the laws of another 
state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under the Rhode 
Island Franchise Investment Act, then said Rhode Island law will apply. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date 
set forth above. 
 
Witness: 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
 
 
 
 

65618872v1 
 
 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT  
FOR THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA 
 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
Commonwealth of Virginia.  If and to the extent that the Virginia franchise statutes and regulations 
apply to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to the contrary in the 
Agreement: 
 
1. Item 17, Additional Disclosures: 
 
Any provision in any of the contracts that you sign with us which provides for termination 
of the franchise upon the bankruptcy of the franchisee may not be enforceable under federal 
bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. 101 et. seq.). 
 
“According to Section 13.1 – 564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a 
franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any grounds for default or 
termination stated in the franchise agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as 
that term may be defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that 
provision may not be enforceable.” 
 
2. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date set 
forth above. 
 
Witness: 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
 
 
 
  

65618872v1 
Washington Addendum Franchise Agreement,  
Franchisee Compliance Questionnaire, and Related Agreements  
The provisions of this Addendum form an integral part of, are incorporated into, and modify 
the Franchise Disclosure Document, the franchise agreement, and all related agreements 
regardless of anything to the contrary contained therein. This Addendum applies if: (a) the 
offer to sell a franchise is accepted in Washington; (b) the purchaser of the franchise is a 
resident of Washington; and/or (c) the franchised business that is the subject of the sale is to 
be located or operated, wholly or partly, in Washington. 
1. Conflict of Laws. In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.
2. Franchisee Bill of Rights. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede provisions in the 
franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your relationship with the franchisor, 
including in the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court 
decisions that supersede the franchise agreement or related agreements concerning your 
relationship with the franchisor. Franchise agreement provisions, including those 
summarized in Item 17 of the Franchise Disclosure Document, are subject to state law.
3. Site of Arbitration, Mediation, and/or Litigation. In any arbitration or 
mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or mediation site will 
be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of the 
arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration 
or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee 
may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or 
a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington. 
4. General Release. A release or waiver of rights in the franchise agreement or 
related agreements purporting to bind the franchisee to waive compliance with any provision 
under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rules or orders thereunder 
is void except when executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in 
effect and where the parties are represented by independent counsel, in accordance with 
RCW 19.100.220(2). In addition, any such release or waiver executed in connection with a 
renewal or transfer of a franchise is likewise void except as provided for in RCW 
19.100.220(2).
5. Statute of Limitations and Waiver of Jury Trial. Provisions contained in the 
franchise agreement or related agreements that unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of 
limitations period for claims under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, or rights 
or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be enforceable.
6. Transfer Fees. Transfer fees are collectable only to the extent that they 
reflect the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or actual costs in effecting a transfer.
7. Termination by Franchisee. The franchisee may terminate the franchise 
agreement under any grounds permitted under state law.

65618872v1 
8. Certain Buy-Back Provisions. Provisions in franchise agreements or related 
agreements that permit the franchisor to repurchase the franchisee’s business for any reason 
during the term of the franchise agreement without the franchisee’s consent are unlawful 
pursuant to RCW 19.100.180(2)(j), unless the franchise is terminated for good cause.
9. Fair and Reasonable Pricing. Any provision in the franchise agreement or 
related agreements that requires the franchisee to purchase or rent any product or service for 
more than a fair and reasonable price is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(d).
10. Waiver of Exemplary & Punitive Damages. RCW 19.100.190 permits 
franchisees to seek treble damages under certain circumstances. Accordingly, provisions 
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere requiring franchisees to waive exemplary, 
punitive, or similar damages are void, except when executed pursuant to a negotiated 
settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by 
independent counsel, in accordance with RCW 19.100.220(2).
11. Franchisor’s Business Judgement. Provisions in the franchise agreement or 
related agreements stating that the franchisor may exercise its discretion on the basis of its 
reasonable business judgment may be limited or superseded by RCW 19.100.180(1), which 
requires the parties to deal with each other in good faith.
12. Indemnification. Any provision in the franchise agreement or related 
agreements requiring the franchisee to indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the 
franchisor or other parties is hereby modified such that the franchisee has no obligation to 
indemnify, reimburse, defend, or hold harmless the franchisor or any other indemnified party 
for losses or liabilities to the extent that they are caused by the indemnified party’s negligence, 
willful misconduct, strict liability, or fraud.
13. Attorneys’ Fees. If the franchise agreement or related agreements 
require a franchisee to reimburse the franchisor for court costs or expenses, including 
attorneys’ fees, such provision applies only if the franchisor is the prevailing party in any 
judicial or arbitration proceeding.
14. Noncompetition Covenants. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition 
covenant is void and unenforceable against an employee, including an employee of a 
franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when 
annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). 
In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent 
contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings 
from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount 
that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any provision contained in the franchise 
agreement or elsewhere that conflicts with these limitations is void and unenforceable in 
Washington.
15. Nonsolicitation Agreements. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from 
restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of 
a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any employee of the franchisor. 

65618872v1 
As a result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere are void 
and unenforceable in Washington. 
16. Questionnaires and Acknowledgments. No statement, questionnaire, or 
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement 
of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any 
applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance 
on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in 
connection with the franchise.
17. Prohibitions on Communicating with Regulators. Any provision in the 
franchise agreement or related agreements that prohibits the franchisee from 
communicating with or complaining to regulators is inconsistent with the express instructions 
in the Franchise Disclosure Document and is unlawful under RCW 19.100.180(2)(h).
18. Advisory Regarding Franchise Brokers. Under the Washington Franchise 
Investment Protection Act, a “franchise broker” is defined as a person that engages in the 
business of the offer or sale of franchises. A franchise broker represents the franchisor and is 
paid a fee for referring prospects to the franchisor and/or selling the franchise. If a franchisee 
is working with a franchise broker, franchisees are advised to carefully evaluate any 
information provided by the franchise broker about a franchise.
The undersigned does hereby acknowledge receipt of this addendum. Dated this 
____________ day of ____________________________________ 20______. 
                         Franchisor                                  Franchisee 

65618872v1 
 
 
 ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT  
FOR THE STATE OF WISCONSIN 
 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement pertains to franchises sold in the State of 
Wisconsin.  If and to the extent that the Wisconsin franchise statutes and regulations apply 
to this Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to the contrary  in the 
Franchise Agreement: 
 
1. To the extent any of the provisions regarding notice of termination or change 
in dealership are in conflict with Section 135.04 of the Wisconsin Fair 
Dealership Law, the Wisconsin law shall apply.   
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date 
set forth above. 
 
Witness: 
 
 
 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
 
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT E 
 

 
 
 
choiceADVANTAGE® Software Terms of Use 
 
By entering this site (“Site”) and using the choiceADVANTAGE® software, together with any software updates or 
other software or API or other interfaces provided to you in connection therewith (collectively, the “Software”), you are 
confirming that you are an authorized franchisee of Choice Hotels International, Inc. or its subsidiaries or affiliated 
companies (collectively, “Choice”)*, the franchisee’s general manager, or an authorized employee of the franchisee 
(in each case, an “Authorized User”) and accept and agree on behalf of yourself and the franchisee to the following 
terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”).  You must be an Authorized User and agree to be bound by and comply with 
all of these Terms of Use to access or use the Software or this Site.  Choice has the right, at its sole discretion and 
from time to time, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of these Terms of Use without notice or liability to 
you.  Changes will be posted on this Site and will be immediately effective. You agree to review these Terms of Use 
from time to time.  By subsequent use of the Software and this Site after Choice posts any such changes, you accept 
and agree to the Terms of Use, as modified.  Choice may change, restrict access to, suspend, or discontinue the 
Software, or any portion of this Site, at any time without notice or liability to you or any affiliate of yours. Any terms not 
defined in these Terms of Use shall have the meaning ascribed to them in your Franchise Agreement.   
 
You acknowledge and agree that any product support and services provided with respect to the Software or this Site 
are provided by Choice or a third party (other than Microsoft) on Choice’s behalf. Any capitalized terms not otherwise 
defined in these Terms of Use shall have the meaning set forth in your Franchise Agreement.  
 
Ownership Rights 
 
You acknowledge and agree that except as permitted by the Terms of Use, you do not have any right, title or interest 
in and to the Software and you will not contest our rights in and to the Software or to current or future derivations of or 
improvements made to the Software, nor our right to register our rights in the Software or to grant to others the right 
to use the Software or any other intellectual property that we own.  You understand that the Software will remain our 
property.  
 
Copyrights 
 
The (a) Site content, including but not limited to the Software, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio/video 
clips, digital downloads, data compilations, software used to operate this Site, and all compilations of any of the 
above, and (b) any software available for download on this Site, are Choice’s property, or the property of Choice’s 
content suppliers, licensors, and vendors, and are protected by United States and international copyright laws. You 
may use the Software and this Site's content and downloadable software (if any) as provided in these Terms of Use 
and the online documentation, and not for any other use (direct or indirect). Prohibited uses include but are not limited 
to displaying, distributing, modifying, reproducing, republishing, decompiling, creating derivative works from, or 
transmitting the Software, any content on this Site or any software available for download from this Site in any 
manner without written permission from Choice.  Should you become aware of any infringement of Choice’s rights in 
this Site or the Software, you shall provide Choice with immediate written notice of all facts and circumstances of 
which you are aware with respect to the infringement.  
 
Feedback 
To the extent that you provide Feedback to Choice, whether before, during or after the term of these Terms of Use, and 
Choice incorporates such Feedback in the Software or the Site, you hereby grant to Choice and Choice accepts, a 
worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under its intellectual 
property rights to the Feedback, to incorporate or otherwise utilize Feedback as provided by you to Choice in the design 
and implementation of Choice products including the Software and the Site, and to design, debug, display, perform, 
copy, make, have made, use, sell, and otherwise dispose of and support Choice's and its sublicensees’ products and 
documentation embodying such Feedback in any manner and via any media Choice chooses, without reference to the 
source. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Choice shall have no right or license under your intellectual property, by 
implication, estoppels or otherwise under these Terms of Use, except as to the Feedback provided to Choice and 
intended for incorporation into any of Choice's products. For the purpose of these Term of Use, “Feedback” means (i) 
your requirements, input, comments, responses, opinions, and feedback concerning the definition, design, use or 
 
* For Canadian franchisees, you are entering into Terms of Use with Choice Hotels International Licensing ULC, an Alberta 
unlimited liability company. 

 
 
operation of the Software or the Site and related product documentation or (ii) your technical system requirements for 
Choice to include in the Software or Site definition, design, implementation, use or operation, as provided by you from 
time to time. 
 
Confidentiality 
 
Access to this Site and the Software is limited.  You acknowledge and agree that both contain confidential material, 
including trade secrets, belonging to Choice or its licensors.  Therefore, you may not disclose the Software or data 
contained in or results based on the operation of the Software or this Site, including Site content, to third parties 
without the prior express written consent of Choice.  Excluded from this requirement is (a) information already 
available to or in your possession prior to disclosure through use of the Software or access to this Site; (b) 
information that is or becomes lawfully available to the public; or (c) information acquired from a person who is not 
known to you to be in breach of an obligation of confidentiality.  Should you be compelled to disclose any confidential 
information relating to the Software or this Site by lawful order, subpoena, or other means of compulsion of a court or 
other tribunal of competent jurisdiction, you agree to provide Choice with immediate written notice of such impending 
disclosure and cooperate in and to take all steps reasonably necessary to protect the confidentiality of the 
information, including cooperating in obtaining a protective order and disclosing only that which is required by such 
order, subpoena, or means of compulsion. 
 
Trademarks 
 
You acknowledge that choiceADVANTAGE®, Choice Hotels International®, and Choice Hotels® are the sole 
property of Choice and are registered in the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and other trademark offices around 
the world.  Any use of these trademarks by you requires the prior express written consent of Choice. Any other 
trademarks  that may be referenced on this Site are the property of their respective owner and any use by you of 
such trademarks requires the prior express written consent of the respective owner. 
 
Software Use and Site Access 
 
Subject to the terms and conditions in this agreement, Choice grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable limited 
license during the term of your Franchise Agreement to use the Software and this Site only for your normal business 
purposes related to your franchise, as defined in your Franchise Agreement, so long as such use is in accordance 
with all laws and regulations.  You may not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, rent, lease, loan, mirror, frame, 
sublicense, assign, transfer, disclose or otherwise exploit the content on this Site or the Software for commercial use 
unless Choice provides you with prior written permission to do so. You agree that you will not use this Site to: (a) 
transmit spam, bulk or unsolicited communications; (b) pretend to be Choice or someone else, or spoof Choice's or 
someone else's identity; (c) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers (including URLs) in order to disguise 
the origin of any content transmitted through this Site; (d) misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (e) 
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to use the 
Software or this Site; (f) engage in activities that would violate any fiduciary relationship, any applicable local, state, 
provincial, federal or international law, or any regulations having the force of law, including but not limited to 
attempting to compromise the security of any networked account or site, operating an illegal lottery or gambling 
operation, stalking, or making threats of harm; or (g) collect or store personal data or personal information about other 
users unless specifically authorized by such users.  Choice may refuse service, terminate access, and/or cancel 
transactions at Choice’s discretion without liability to you.  You agree that all software, drawings, diagrams, 
specifications, documentation and other material relating to the Software and the use and service of this Site is 
confidential and the proprietary property of Choice or its licensors, and you shall acquire no rights in them, except as 
set forth in these Terms of Use. 
 
You agree that you will not use any device, software, or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with 
the proper working of the Software or this Site, and that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or 
disproportionately large load on Choice’s infrastructure. In addition, you agree that you will not use any robot, spider, 
other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy the Software, this Site, or Choice’s web pages or the 
content contained therein, without prior written consent from Choice. 
 
You are solely responsible for the content of your submissions, and you grant to Choice, its successors and assigns, 
a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty free, perpetual, non-revocable license to use or distribute such content in any 
manner consistent with the rights and obligations of Choice under these Terms of Use and your Franchise Agreement 
with Choice. You may not post or transmit to this Site any material that (a) is unlawful, abusive, threatening, violent, 
harmful, obscene, pornographic, lewd, offensive, racist, defamatory, harassing, or otherwise objectionable to Choice; 
(b) might infringe the intellectual property rights, privacy rights, rights of publicity, or other proprietary rights of others; 

 
 
or contains any viruses, trojan horses, time bombs, or any other harmful programs or elements; and you may not 
modify or abridge any functionality of the Software or this Site. 
 
You will not undertake any action that may interfere with or diminish intellectual property rights of Choice or those ofany 
third parties, if applicable; prohibited actions include, but are not limited to, (i) reverse engineering, decompiling and 
disassembling any software available on the Site (including the Software) or any component thereof, except and only 
to the extent such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation and (ii) removing, 
modifying or obscuring any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices that appear on the Software or the 
Site or that appear during use of the Software or the Site. 
 
Choice will provide you with programming services, without additional charge, to correct errors to the Software and on 
the Site.  However, Choice does not guarantee service timing or results or that all errors will be corrected. 
 
In connection with your use of the Software and the Site, you agree to:  (a) follow all operation instructions and the 
Rules and Regulations  that accompany your Franchise Agreement ; (b) provide access to your hardware and data 
transport system to enable Choice or third-party providers to perform whatever services or activities are required to 
assist you in your use of the Software and the Site; (c) have a representative trained in the use of the Software and the 
Site available to work with Choice in any support matters;  and (d) update or replace the recommended hardware as 
required by Choice in order to accommodate changes to the Software or the Site.   
 
Choice may, in our sole and absolute discretion, allow or disallow certain third parties to interface with the Software. 
You may not attach any third party equipment, interfaces or applications to the Software that have not been tested and 
approved in advance by Choice. You must receive Choice’s prior written approval to use an interface with the Software 
in the form and manner required by Choice from time to time. Even if Choice approves a third party to interface wit h 
the Software, you are solely responsible for your use of any such third party equipment, interfaces or applications and 
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Choice from any third party claims relating to such third party equipment, 
interfaces or applications. Choice reserves the right to charge you a fee (e.g. an initial set up fee, or recurring fee) for  
using an interface with the Software. With respect to an interface that you are granted permission by Choice to use with 
the Software, you must maintain a valid agreement from the applicable third party provider to access and use such 
third party provider’s system and services for as long as you are authorized by Choice to use such interface.  
 
Choice reserves the right to update, modify, replace, terminate or otherwise change, at any time and in our sole 
discretion, any interfaces integrated with the Software.  
 
Accessing Personal Information 
 
You may only access a person’s personal information contained in the Software or Site if such person (a) has a 
reservation at your hotel, (b) previously stayed at your hotel or (c) is interested in making or confirming a reservation at 
your hotel. In all such cases, you may only use such person’s personal information contained in the Software or Site 
for the purposes of check -in, check -out and /or billing. All other access to personal information or use of personal 
information is strictly prohibited. Personal  means any data that relates to an identified or identifiable living person, 
including, but not limited to: name, address, telephone number, credit card number, Choice Privileges number, AAA or 
other membership number, passport, driver’s license or other government ID number.
 
  
Your Security Obligations 
 
The Software and this Site are accessible from anywhere on the Internet.  It is your responsibility to create, monitor, 
and manage (a) the individual user accounts that you are assigned and (b) their access rights to this Software and 
this Site. It is also your responsibility to disable assigned user accounts for those users who no longer need access to 
the Software or this Site.  You acknowledge that it is possible to contract a computer virus or other malicious code by 
using the Internet or materials downloaded from it. You acknowledge that these viruses can cause degradation of the 
Software or this Site’s performance. Therefore, you agree that you will install, update, and manage updated 
reasonable virus protection software on each computer that is used to access the Software and this Site. 
 
You will use a transport layer security (TLS) 1.2 or higher, JavaScript and Cookie-enabled browsers to log into your 
account and perform transactions. The browser(s) currently supported for accessing the Software is: Microsoft 
Internet Explorer 11 or higher.  
 
To access your account information, you will be required to enter a valid username and password. You will notice that 
Choice does not display your password in plain text as you enter it upon log-in; this is to provide an extra level of 
security.  After a specific period of inactivity, the Software will automatically close your session. In order to reenter the 

 
 
Software and this Site, you will be required to enter your username and password. You agree that each user of the 
Site will be assigned a unique username and password. You agree that you will not share your password with 
anyone, make it available to others, or write it down or post it where someone might have access to it. You will also 
change your password periodically and not use common words that can be found in the dictionary, your first or last 
name, or numbers in a series. In addition, you agree that you will not save your passwords when prompted by your 
browser. 
  
You will use Choice’s logout feature if you will be leaving your computer for any amount of time. Logging out will 
ensure your session is ended, and a username and password will be required to reenter the Software and this Site. 
You will close your browser after you log out. This will provide one more level of security to prevent someone from 
entering your previous session. You will promptly notify Choice of any unauthorized disclosures of your password or 
other breaches of your password or the security of the Software or this Site. You must keep the Software and all data 
generated by the Software and this Site strictly confidential.  You may not disclose it to any third parties or use it, 
except for your normal business purposes, as permitted under your Franchise Agreement. 
 
Limitation of Liability 
 
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW CHOICE AND ITS LICENSORS (INCLUDING MICROSOFT),  SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,  OR EXEMPLARY LOSS OR DAMAGE 
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING CLAIMS FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, AND COSTS OF 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES RESULTING FROM THESE TERMS OF USE, 
ACCESS TO OR ANY USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS, OR RELIANCE ON, OR FUNCTIONING OF, 
THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE, OR RESULTING FROM ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OR 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE, OR ANY LIABILITY IN NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT OR 
TORT WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE OR THE SITE REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS UPON WHICH 
LIABILITY IS CLAIMED, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE ON THE PART OF CHOICE, EVEN IF CHOICE HAS BEEN 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO 
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, MICROSOFT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, ARISING FROM THE 
SERVICES TO BE RECEIVED PURSUANT TO THESE TERMS OF USE, EVEN IF MICROSOFT HAS BEEN 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT WILL CHOICE’S LIABILITY FOR 
DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION OR WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM THE 
NEGLIGENCE OF CHOICE, EXCEED THE CHARGES ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR ACCESS TO THE 
SOFTWARE AND THIS SITE DURING THE CALENDAR YEAR IN WHICH SUCH LIABILITY AROSE. 
 
Warranties 
 
CHOICE WARRANTS THAT THE SOFTWARE AND THIS SITE WILL PERFORM THE FUNCTIONS AND 
OPERATIONS IN MATERIAL CONFORMANCE WITH THE ONLINE DOCUMENTATION WHEN USED ON THE 
RECOMMENDED HARDWARE (BUT NO OTHER HARDWARE), PROVIDED YOU FOLLOW ALL WRITTEN 
INSTRUCTIONS AND MAKE CORRECTIONS AS DIRECTED, ARE NOT IN DEFAULT UNDER THESE TERMS OF 
USE OR YOUR FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, AND, IN THE CASE OF NONPERFORMANCE OF DOWNLOADED 
SOFTWARE, MAKE A REPORT OF SUCH NONPERFORMANCE WITHIN TWO YEARS OF YOUR DOWNLOAD 
OF THE SOFTWARE.  CHOICE’S SOLE OBLIGATION UNDER THIS WARRANTY SHALL BE TO REMEDY ANY 
NONPERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME AFTER YOU REPORT 
IT TO CHOICE. CHOICE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION REGARDING THE 
PERFORMANCE OR FUNCTIONING OF THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE UNLESS IT IS UTILIZED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE SPECIFICATIONS FOR THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE ON THE RECOMMENDED 
HARDWARE.  ALL WARRANTIES UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH ARE CONTINGENT UPON PROPER USE OF THE 
SOFTWARE AND THIS SITE AND SHALL NOT APPLY IF YOU FAIL TO COMPLY WITH OPERATING 
INSTRUCTIONS OR MAKE OR PERMIT UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE.  YOU 
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH ABOVE IS PROVIDED SOLELY BY 
CHOICE, AND DOES NOT ORIGINATE FROM AND IS NOT BINDING ON MICROSOFT. 
 
CHOICE MAKES NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION THAT THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE WILL MEET YOUR 
REQUIREMENTS OR THAT IT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES 
CHOICE MAKE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE 
USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION 
OBTAINED THROUGH THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT 

 
 
DOWNLOADING OR OBTAINING ANY CONTENT, DATA, RESULTS, OR SOFTWARE THROUGH THE USE OF 
THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY 
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE DONE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS 
FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL. 
 
EXCEPT ONLY AS EXPRESSLY STATED ABOVE, CHOICE AND MICROSOFT PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE AND 
THIS SITE AND THE SITE CONTENT "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, 
EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR COLLATERAL, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY WARRANTIES OR 
CONDITIONS IMPLIED BY LAW CANNOT BE VALIDLY WAIVED OR DISCLAIMED. THE DISCLAIMED 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO 
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, 
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  
 
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED ABOVE, CHOICE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROBLEMS 
OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION OF ANY TELEPHONE NETWORK OR LINES, COMPUTER ON-LINE SYSTEMS, 
SERVERS, INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS, COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE, OR ANY COMBINATION 
THEREOF INCLUDING ANY INJURY OR DAMAGE TO YOUR OR ANY OTHER PERSON'S COMPUTER AS A 
RESULT OF USING THIS SITE.  CHOICE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS 
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR COLLATERAL, WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS SITE OR 
ON ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES THAT MAY BE ACCESSED FROM THIS SITE, INCLUDING ANY 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS OF THE 
INFORMATION POSTED ON THIS SITE. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR CHOOSING AN INTERNET 
SERVICE PROVIDER AND CHOICE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO THE SUITABILITY 
OR COMPATIBILITY OF ANY SUCH PROVIDER. 
 
WARRANTIES UNDER THIS SECTION SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY INTERFACE TO THE EXTENT ANY IMPARIMENT OR 
LIMITATION ON INTERFACE PERFORMANCE OR FUNCTIONALITY IS CAUSED BY THE SYSTEM ACCESSED THROUGH 
AN INTERFACE, OR SUCH SYSTEM’S PROVIDER, OR THE INFORMATION OR DATA PROVIDED BY SUCH SYSTEM. 
CHOICE MAKES NO RECOMMENDATION, ENDORSEMENT, REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR CONDITION 
REGARDING ANY THIRD PARTY SYSTEM OR SERVICE THAT MAY INTERFACE WITH THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING THE 
CURRENT OR CONTINUING SUITABILITY OR AVAILABILITY OF SUCH SYSTEM OR SERVICE.  YOU HEREBY 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE  SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR  USE OF THE SYSTEM OR SERVICE THAT YOU 
ACCESSES VIA SUCH AN INTERFACE, AND THAT YOU WILL LOOK SOLELY TO THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDER OF SUCH 
SYSTEM OR SERVICE TO ADDRESS FUNCTIONALITY OR PERFORMANCE ISSUES ARISING OUT OF SUCH SYSTEM OR 
SERVICE. 
 
Indemnification 
 
You agree, at your expense, to indemnify, defend and hold Choice and its subsidiaries and affiliates, as well as their 
respective officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, franchisees, licensors (including Microsoft) and 
licensees, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any judgments, 
losses, deficiencies, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' and witness’ fees and 
expenses) incurred in connection with or arising from any claim, demand, suit, action, or proceeding arising out of 
your breach of these Terms of Use or in connection with your use of the Software or this Site or any product or 
service related to the Software or this Site.  You agree that you will immediately notify Choice in writing of the 
assertion of any claim by a third party or the discovery of any fact upon which the third party intends to base a claim 
hereunder.  Choice reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to 
indemnification by you, including the settlement thereof, which shall not excuse your indemnity obligations. 
 
Termination 
 
Your right to access and use the Software and this Site shall terminate upon termination or expiration of your 
Franchise Agreement.  In addition, Choice may terminate these Terms of Use and your right to use the Software or 
this Site in the event that you: (a) breach any of these Terms of Use; or (b) fail to make applicable payments 
associated with your use of the Software or this Site as specified in the Rules and Regulations that accompany your 
Franchise Agreement.  In addition to any damages to which it may be entitled, Choice shall be entitled to 
reimbursement of all costs relating to the breach of the Terms of Use, including reasonable attorneys’ and witness’ 
fees.  Your breach of these Terms of Use shall also cause irreparable harm to Choice and its licensors.  You agree 
that damages may be an inadequate remedy for such breach and, therefore, in addition to its rights and remedies 
otherwise available at law, Choice will be entitled to equitable relief, including both a preliminary/interlocutory and 

 
 
permanent injunction, if such a breach occurs. You waive any requirement for the posting of a bond or other security 
if Choice seeks such an injunction. 
 
Governing Law 
 
For U.S. franchisees: Choice creates and controls the Software and this Site in the State of Maryland, U.S.A.  
Accordingly, these Terms of Use are governed exclusively by the laws of the United States and Maryland law, except 
the Maryland Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act, which is expressly disclaimed, and without regard to 
Maryland conflicts of law principles.  You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or 
cause of action you may have against Choice arising out of or related to these Terms of Use or relating to the use of 
the Software or this Site and the material contained in the Software or this Site
 must be filed within one (1) year after 
such claim or cause of action arises or this claim or cause of action will be forever barred. 
 
For Canadian franchisees:  These Terms of Use are governed exclusively by the laws of the Province of Ontario, 
without regard to its conflicts of law principles.  Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of 
Use or relating to the use of the Software or this Site and the material contained in the Software or this Site shall be 
resolved in an Ontario court, and you expressly waive the right to file a lawsuit or proceeding in any other jurisdiction. 
You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action you may have against 
Choice arising out of or related to these Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of 
action arises or this claim or cause of action will be forever barred. 
 
Governing Language 
 
The parties hereto confirm that it is their wish that this Agreement, as well as all other documents relating hereto, 
including all notices, have been and shall be drawn up in the English language only.  Les parties aux présentes 
confirment leur volonté que cette convention, de même que tous les documents, y compris tout avis, qui s’y 
rattachent, soient rédigés en langue anglaise. 
 
General 
 
The waiver by Choice of a breach or right under these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of any subsequent 
breach or right. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent 
jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed from the remainder of these Terms of Use, which will otherwise remain in 
full force and effect.  Choice will not be responsible for any delay or failure to provide the Software or this Site or any 
associated services, in whole or in part, due to the following factors as they affect Choice, its licensors, agents or 
representatives or the Software or this Site: federal, state or municipal action or regulation; strikes or other labor 
troubles; fire; damage; delay in transportation; shortages of raw materials, labor, fuel or supplies; sabotage; terrorism; 
insurrection, riot or other acts of civil disobedience or public enemy; and failures or interruptions in Internet service or 
other communication failures.  You may not assign your rights or obligations under these Terms of Use, in whole or in 
part, without the prior written consent of Choice.  For the purposes of these Terms of Use, an assignment shall 
include any assignments resulting from a merger, a transfer of all or substantially all of your assets, a change of 
control, or by operation of lawIn the event that Choice finds it necessary to employ legal counsel or to bring an action 
at law or other proceeding against you to enforce any of the provisions of these Terms of Use, you agree to pay 
Choice, in addition to any damages for which you may be responsible,  all reasonable attorneys’ and witness’ fees 
and expenses incurred by Choice.  The obligations with respect to Copyrights, Confidentiality, Software Use and Site 
Access, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification, Termination, Governing Law, and these General provisions survive 
termination of your right of access to and use of the Software and this Site. 
 
Reservation of Rights 
 
Any rights not expressly granted to you herein are reserved to Choice and its licensors. 
 
Entire Agreement 
 
You acknowledge and agree that these Terms of Use, your Franchise Agreement and the applicable Rules and 
Regulations that accompany your Franchise Agreement (and, for Canadian franchisees, your choiceADVANTAGE 
Technology Services Agreement) are the complete and exclusive agreement between Choice and you relating to the 
Software and this Site, superseding all other agreements, proposals and communications (oral or written) related to 
the Software or this Site, including, without limitation, any prior Technology Services Agreement and Software 

 
 
License in effect between Choice and you In the event of any conflict or ambiguity between these Terms of Use, your 
Franchise Agreement or and the applicable Rules and Regulations that accompany your Franchise Agreement, these 
Terms of Use shall control. 
 
 
Address of Choice 
 
choiceADVANTAGE.com      
Choice Hotels International, Inc.     
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600     
North Bethesda, Maryland 20852     
http://www.choicehotels.com 
 
 
  

EXHIBIT F 
 

 
Choice ResConnect Reservations Services 
Program —  Terms of Use 
(Revised February 2025) 
 
 
 
 
Thank You for Your interest in Choice Hotels International, Inc. ("Choice") Choice ResConnect 
Reservations Services Program (the "Program"). To enroll one or more of Your hotel properties in 
the Program, please review the terms below that will govern Your participation in and use of the 
Program ("Terms of Use"), You will repeat this process for each property You intend to enroll in the 
Program. 
Terms of Use 
By providing your acknowledgment on the ChoiceNow request “ResConnect Enrollment / Modification” , 
You are confirming that You are either (1) an authorized franchisee in good standing with Choice or its 
subsidiaries or affiliated companies (" Franchisee"), or (2) the hotel’s general manager or another 
authorized employee of the Franchisee (in each case, an " Authorized Representative"), and You accept 
and agree to these Terms of Use on behalf of Yourself and/or the Franchisee for Your participation in the 
Program for the specific hotel property You identify on the Choice ResConnect Enrollment form (the “Hotel 
Terms of Use shall govern Your participation in and use of the Program and shall be binding on You and 
Your employees and contractors.  Choice has the right to and may, in its sole discretion and from time to 
time, modify, add or remove any of the provisions, rights or obligations in these Terms of Use without notice 
or liability to You. We will post any changes we make to the Terms of Use on this Choice ResConnect page, 
once posted, the changes will be effective immediately. You agree to review these Terms of Use from time 
to time. By Your participation in the Program after Choice posts any changes to the Terms of Use, You 
accept and agree to the Terms of Use, as modified. 
As used in these Terms of Use, the terms "You" and "Your" shall mean you, as the person accepting these 
Terms of Use, the Franchisee, or any and all Authorized Representatives as applicable by the context used 
herein. Additionally, "we" or "us" or "our" shall mean Choice. 
1. The Program. 
Subject to these Terms of Use, Choice will make available to Your Hotel the Service described below.  
 
 
Service Option:  

 
Choice ResConnect  
Choice will provide Your Hotel with its own unique Choice ResConnect Number. Choice will substitute Your 
Hotel’s published primary toll-number (the “Main Number”) with a designated Choice ResConnect Number 
for organic internet search results, and listings on the Choice Mobile App, ChoiceHotels.com and Choice 
reservation systems. This means that Incoming Calls can be made using the designated Choice 
ResConnect Number. You must retain Your Hotel’s Main Number and keep it operational throughout the 
course of Your participation in the Program. 
Incoming Calls on Your Choice ResConnect Number will be routed to an automated “interactive voice 
response” system (IVR) with a message specific to Your Hotel. The caller will be prompted to choose either 
“reservations” or “all other inquiries,” or a third option of your choice if required If the caller chooses the 
"reservations" option to book a new reservation, then the call will be forwarded to our Reservation Center 
and You will be charged the standard fee detailed in Section 3. If the caller chooses the "all other inquiries" 
option, then the caller be routed to Your Hotel’s front desk agent and no fee will apply. If you would also 
like to implement a third option on the IVR, calls will be transferred to a designated telephone number of 
your choice and no fee will apply. Choice retains the right to modify Your ResConnect IVR without notice.
 
2. Obligations and Representations 
Once You accept these Terms of Use, You  will be enrolled in the Program and You will receive an e- mail 
confirmation including the Choice ResConnect Technical Requirements & Hotel Questionnaire. You 
represent and warrant that the Hotel Questionnaire You submit is and will be complete and accurate. You 
agree to notify Choice promptly of any changes to the information You provide in the Hotel Questionnaire. 
If You wish to enroll additional Hotels in the Program, You must accept these Terms of Use and complete 
a separate Hotel Questionnaire for each Hotel. 
Choice ResConnect representatives have access to all your local negotiated rate plans through our 
reservation system. This includes rate plans You have loaded as Property Direct. It is Your responsibility 
to ensure every locally negotiated rate plan has a loaded rate description. 
To enable the full functionality of the Program, You may be required to take additional actions, such as 
providing us with certain information, directions, and preferences. You can submit your hotel Questionnaire 
on ChoiceNow detailing the requirements and requests if necessary. If You fail to satisfy the enrollment 
requirements and our requests, You may impair Your Hotel's ability to implement/participate in the Program. 
You agree to follow all operation instructions and the requirements of the Program as may be set forth in 
the Rules and Regulations that accompany Your franchise agreement with Choice (the " Franchise 
Agreement") and which may apply to the Program. 
 
3. Fees — Program Fees vary by segment 

Core: Comfort, Country, Clarion, Sleep, Quality 
You will pay Choice a fee of 3.5% of the monthly Gross Room Revenue booked by the Program. We have 
the right to increase the Fee at any time upon providing notice to You. The Fee is due and payable by You 
to us for each reservation that is booked by the Program. If You are not able to meet the needs of the caller 
or do not have room inventory available for the dates requested, the Reservation Center sales agent may 
cross-sell the caller to another hotel property within the Choice franchise system. We will invoice You 
monthly for the Fees and other amounts due under these Terms of Use and You must pay eac h invoice in 
full by the first day of the month following the month in which the invoice is issued. Choice reserves the 
right to suspend Your participation in and use of the Program if You fail to pay any invoice in a timely 
manner. Fees do not include any  taxes. You are solely responsible for paying taxes applicable to Your 
participation in and use of the Program, which may include sales tax, gross receipts tax, use tax, transaction 
privilege tax or other taxes. 
Upscale: Ascend, Cambria, Park Plaza, Radisson, Radisson Blu, Radisson Red, Radisson 
Individuals, Radisson Collection: 
You will pay Choice a fee of 3.0% of monthly Gross Room Revenue booked by the Program. We have the 
right to increase the Fee at any time upon providing notice to You. The Fee is due and payable by You to 
us for each reservation that is booked by the Program. If You do not have room inventory available for the 
dates requested, the Reservation Center sales agent may cross -sell the caller to another hotel property 
within the Choice franchise system. We will invoice You monthly for the Fees and other amounts due under 
these Terms of Use and You must pay each invoice in full by the first day of the month following the month 
in which the invoice is issued. Choice reserves the right to suspend Your participation in and use of the 
Program if You fail to pay any invo ice in a timely manner. Fees do not include any taxes. You are solely 
responsible for paying taxes applicable to Your participation in and use of the Program, which may include 
sales tax, gross receipts tax, use tax, transaction privilege tax, or other taxes. 
Extended Stay and Economy : Mainstay, Suburban, Everhome, WoodSpring, Econo Lodge, 
Rodeway, Park Inn 
You will pay Choice a fee of $3.00 USD per call that is forwarded from your hotel or through the Choice 
ResConnect system to our CRS under the Service . (the "Fee"). We have the right to increase the Fee at 
any time upon providing notice to You. The Fee is due and payable by You to us for each call that is 
forwarded to the Reservation Center, regardless of whether the forwarded call results in a booking. If You 
do not have room inventory available for the dates requested, the Reservation Center sales agent may 
cross-sell the caller to another hotel property within the Choice franchise system. We will invoice You 
monthly for the Fees and other amounts due under these Terms of Use and You must pay each invoice in 
full by the first day of the month following th e month in which the invoice is issued. Choice reserves the 
right to suspend Your participation in and use of the Program if You fail to pay any invoice in a timely 
manner. Fees do not include any taxes. You are solely responsible for paying taxes applicab le to Your 
participation in and use of the Program, which may include sales tax, gross receipts tax, use tax, transaction 
privilege tax, or other taxes. 
 
4. Term and Termination 

The initial term for Your participation in the Program is six (6) months (the “Initial Term”). Your Hotel must 
remain enrolled in the Program for at least six (6) months and You may not cancel before the end of the 
Initial Term except as detailed below. After the Initial Term, You will continue to be enrolled until either party 
provides the other with thirty (30) days advance written notice of an intent to terminate. If You wish to take 
Your Hotel out of the Program early, You may do so by notifying us and paying an early exit fee of $500 for 
each month remaini ng in the Initial Term (plus a pro rata share for the remaining portion of the current 
month). 
Default and Termination 
Non-payment. We may terminate Your participation in the Program upon five (5) days written notice if You 
fail to timely pay any amounts due to Choice as a result of Your participation in the Program.  
Franchise Agreement Default, Termination or Expiration. We may terminate Your participation in the 
Program immediately upon any default under the Program or Your Franchise Agreement and Your 
participation in and use of the Program will automatically terminate upon the expiration (or earlier 
termination) of the Franchise Agreement. 
Removal of Choice ResConnect Number Published Listings  Your removal of the Choice ResConnect  
Number from any or one of the following channels (or any other channel in which we list Your ResConnect 
Number) constitutes a breach of these Terms of Use for which we may terminate immediately Your 
participation in the Program: organic internet search, Choice Mobile App, ChoiceHotels.com and Choice 
Reservations systems. 
Additional Remedies . In addition to any damages to which it may be entitled, Choice will be entitled to 
reimbursement of all costs relating to the breach of the Terms of Use, including reasonable attorneys' and 
witness' fees. If, because of Your breach of the Terms of Use, we terminate Your participation in the 
Program during the first six months after Your enrollment, we will charge You the early exit fee. Your breach 
of these Terms of Use may also cause irreparable harm to Choice. You agree that damages may be an 
inadequate remedy and, therefore, in addition to its rights and remedies otherwise available at law, Choice 
will be entitled to equitable relief, including both a pre liminary and permanent injunction, if such a breach 
occurs. You waive any requirement for the posting of a bond or other security if Choice seeks such an 
injunction. 
5. Limitation of Liability 
You expressly understand and agree that neither Choice, its licensors, nor related parties shall be 
liable for any indirect, punitive, consequential, incidental or special damages of any kind resulting 
from these terms, access to or any use of, or inability to use or access, or reliance on, or functioning 
of, the P rogram, regardless of the basis upon which liability is claimed, even if Choice has been 
advised of the possibility of such loss of damage. In no event shall Choice's liability for damages, 
regardless of the form of action, exceed the fees You actually paid in the six (6) months immediately 
preceding Your claim. 
 
6. No Warranty 

Choice provides the Program "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, 
except to the extent that any warranties implied by law cannot be validly waived or disclaimed. The 
disclaimed warranties, to the extent allowed by law, incl ude but are not limited to the implied 
warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of intellectual property, and fitness for a particular 
purpose. 
Choice makes no warranty that the Program will meet Your requirements or that it will be 
uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error -free; nor does Choice make any warranty as to the results 
that may be obtained from Your participation in or use of the Program  or as to the accuracy or 
reliability of any information obtained through Your participation in or use of the Program.  
Choice shall be not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network 
or lines, computer online systems, servers, internet access providers, computer equipment, 
software, or any combination thereof including any injury or damage to Your or any other person's 
computer or networks as a result of using the Program. Choice makes no representations or 
warranties express or implied, with respect to the information received by or through Your 
participation in or use of the Program, inc luding any representations or warranties as to the 
accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the information obtained by or through Your participation 
in or use of the Program. 
7. Indemnity 
You agree, at Your expense, to indemnify, defend and hold Choice, as well as its officers, directors, 
employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, distributors, franchisees, licensors and licensees harmless from 
and against any judgments, losses, deficienc ies, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including 
reasonable attorneys' and witness' fees and expenses) incurred in connection with or arising from any 
claim, demand, suit, action, or proceeding arising out of Your breach of these Terms of Use or in connection 
with Your participation in or use of the Program or any product or service related to the Program. Choice 
reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by 
You, which shall not excuse Your indemnity obligations. 
8. Trademarks 
You acknowledge that Choice Hotels International ®, Choice Hotels ® and the trademarks associated with 
our brands are the sole property of Choice and are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and 
other trademark offices around the world. Any use of these trademarks by You requires the prior express 
written consent of Choice. 
9. Governing Law 
Choice creates and controls the Program in the State of Maryland, U.S.A. Accordingly, these Terms of Use 
are governed by the laws of the United States and Maryland law, except the Maryland Uniform Computer 
Information Transactions Act, which is expressly disclaimed, and without regard to Maryland conflicts of 
law principles. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or relating to Your 
participation in or use of the Program and the materials related to the Program shall be resolved in a 
Maryland court. You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action 

You may have against Choice arising out of or related to these Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) 
year after such claim or cause of action arises or this claim or cause of action will be forever barred.  
For Canadian franchisees: These Terms of Use are governed exclusively by the laws of the Province in 
which your hotel is located, without regard to its conflicts of law principles. Any controversy or claim arising 
out of or relating to these Terms of Use or relating to the use of the Program and the material contained in 
the Program shall be resolved in a court in such Province, in a city selected by Choice, and you expressly 
waive the right to file a lawsuit or proceeding in any other jurisdiction. 
10. General 
The waiver by Choice of a breach or right under these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of any 
subsequent breach or right. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid or unenforceable 
by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed from the remainder of these Terms of 
Use, which will otherwise remain in full force and effect. Choice will not be responsible for any delay or 
failure of the Program or any associated services, in whole or in part, due to the following factors as they 
affect Choice, its licensors, agents or representatives, or the Program: federal, state or municipal action or 
regulation; strikes or other labor troubles; fire; damage; delay in transportation; shortages of raw materials, 
labor, fuel or supplies; sabotage; insurrection, riot or other acts of civil disobedience or public enemy; and 
failures or interruptions in Internet service, networks or other communication failures. You may not assign 
Your rights under these Terms of Use, in whole or  in part, without the prior written consent of Choice. If 
Choice finds it necessary to employ legal counsel or to bring an action at law or other proceeding against 
You to enforce any of the provisions of these Terms of Use, You agree to pay Choice, in addition to any 
damages for which You may be responsible, all reasonable attorneys' and witness' fees and expenses 
incurred by Choice, if Choice prevails in such action or proceeding. Your obligations under these Terms of 
Use will survive termination of Your participation in, right to access, and use of the Program. Any rights not 
expressly granted to You herein are reserved to Choice and its licensors. You acknowledge and agree that 
these Terms of Use are the complete and exclusive agreement between Choice an d You relating to the 
Program, superseding all other agreements, proposals, and communications (oral or written) related to the 
Program. 
11. Notices 
Notices to Choice can be sent via email ResConnect@choicehotels.com. 
 

EXHIBIT G 
 

«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» 
«Brand_Name» 
 
Promissory Note  
 
Issuance Date: ____________ 
 
Maturity Date: ____________ 
 
$________________         «PROP_CITY», «PROP_ST» 
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, each of the undersigned (collectively, “ Maker”), jointly and severally, hereby 
promises to pay to the order of Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“ Holder”) the principal sum of 
______________________ and 00/100 Dollars ($__________) (“Principal Amount”) as provided for herein.: 
 
1. Franchise Agreement . Maker and Holder are parties to a franchise  agreement dated 
/Hd/________________________ (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the “ Franchise 
Agreement”). The parties have agreed upon certain conditions pursuant to which Holder will make a loan 
to Maker pursuant to a promissory note in substantially similar form to this promissory note (“ Note”). 
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein will have the meaning set forth in the Franchise Agreement.  
 
2. Payment. Unless otherwise accelerated pursuant to Section 3, this Note matures on the Maturity 
Date, at which time the entire Principal Amount will be due and payable in full.  
 
3. Default. The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a “Default”: (1) 
Maker’s failure to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement under the terms of this Note; (2) 
if any representation or warranty made in connection with this Note is in Holder’s opinion, false, misleading or 
incorrect in any material respect; (3) if for any reason, the Franchise Agreement terminates or is otherwise 
rendered ineffective prior to the Maturity Date; (4) the occurrence of any event(s) or existence of any situation 
that, after providing for any applicable notice/cure rights set forth in the Franchise Agreement, would provide 
Holder with a right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; (5) if all or any portion of the premises to which the 
Franchise Agreement applies ("Premises"), any interest in the Premises (including an ownership interest in 
any entity that owns the Premises), or any interest in this Note is transferred, leased, or conveyed, other than 
as security for a debt or other obligation, whether done by a direct or indirect method, or should Maker enter 
into any contractual arrangement to transfer or convey the Premises, any interest in the Premises (including 
an ownership interest in any entity that owns the Premises), any part of this Note, or any interest in this Note 
other than as security for a debt; and (6) the death of any Maker or the filing of any insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceeding by or against any Maker or the appointment of a receiver for any Maker or any Maker’s assets. If 
a Default occurs, the entire Principal Amount will be due and payable in full within fifteen (15) days after 
Maker’s receipt of a written Notice of Default from Holder. 
 
4. Interest. If the Principal Amount, or any portion thereof, is not paid on or before the Maturity Date 
(or such earlier date required by Section 3), this Note will bear interest from the date on which funds are 
due until paid in full at the annual rate of eighteen percent (18%). The maximum interest rate in California 
is 10% annually. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and charged for the actual number 
of days elapsed in each interest calculation period. Nothing in this Note will be construed or operate to 
require Maker to pay interest at a greater rate than the maximum allowed by law. Should any interest or 
other charges paid or payable by Maker under this Note result in the computation or earning of interest in 
excess of the maximum  allowed by law, then all excess interest charges are waived by Holder, and any 
such excess interest received by Holder will be automatically credited against the Principal Amount, and 
any such remaining excess received by Holder that exceeds the Principal Amount will be credited by Holder 
against Royalty Fees payable to Holder pursuant to the Franchise Agreement.  
 
5. Confession of Judgment .  Upon the occurrence of a Default, Maker hereby irrevocably 
authorizes and empowers any attorney or clerk of any court of record in the United States or 
elsewhere to appear for and, with or without declaration filed, confess judgment against Maker in 
favor of Holder or an assignee or successor of Holder, of the Note, at any time, for the full or total 
Principal Amount under this Note, together with all indebtedness provided for therein, with interest, 
costs of suit, and reasonable  attorneys’ fees; and the undersigned expressly releases all errors, 
waives all stay of execution, rights of inquisition and extension upon any levy upon real estate and 
all exemption of property from levy and sale upon any execution hereon; and Maker expressly 
agrees to condemnation and expressly relinquishes all rights to benefits or exemptions under any 

and all exemption laws now in force or which may hereafter be enacted. Maker acknowledges and 
agrees that Maker is voluntarily, knowingly, and intelligently giving up its right to notice and hearing 
prior to the entry of judgment, is granting Holder, or Holder’s assignee or successor, the right to 
confess judgment against  Maker and is freely waiving its due process rights . Maker further 
consents to immediate execution on the judgment and waives all right of appeal, ratifying and 
confirming all that the attorney or clerk may do by virtue of this Note. 
 
6. General. 
 
 No failure or delay by Holder to insist on the strict performance of any term of this Note or to exercise 
any right, power or remedy upon the occurrence of a Default or any other breach of this Note, is a waiver of 
any term or agreement or of any breach, or will preclude Holder from exercising any right, power or remedy 
at any later time unless in writing. If Holder accepts any payment after its due date, this act will not be a waiver 
of Holder's right to receive timely payment of all other amounts or to declare a default for the failure to make 
any other payment when due.  
 
 If Holder or any future holder of this Note assigns its rights under this Note, the term "Holder" as used 
in this Note will refer to such then-current assignee. This Note is not assignable by Maker. 
 
If any provision (or any part of any provision) in this Note is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable in any respect, the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision 
(or remaining part of the affected provision) of this Note, and this Note will be construed as if the invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable provision (or part of this Note) had never been contained in this Note but only to the extent 
it is invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 
Negotiable and payable at the office of: CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, I NC., 915 Meeting 
Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, Attention: Billing Department. 
 
 In Witness Whereof, Maker acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Note as evidenced by its 
signature under seal as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 

EXHIBIT H

Franchise 
EXHIBIT H.A. 
CAPITAL SUPPORT PROMISSORY NOTE 

 
 
INCENTIVE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 
/L1/           
 
$______________                              City, State          Date:/Hd/    
 
 
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, each of  the undersigned (collectively, “ Maker”), jointly and severally hereby 
promises to pay to the order of Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“ Holder”) the principal sum of 
_____________ And 00/100 Dollars ($____________) (the “Principal Amount”), or such lesser amount as 
shall then equal the outstanding Principal Amount hereof on the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter, 
together with interest thereon, as provided for herein.  Holder will lend Franchisee Name (“Franchisee”), 
which is a Maker under this Incentive Promissory Note,  the Principal Amount upon the completion of the 
payment conditions set forth in this Note . Capitalized terms used but not defined herein will have the 
meaning ascribed to such terms in the Franchise Agreement (defined below).   
 
1. Background and Certain Definitions . Maker, Holder and Franchisee are parties to a franchise 
agreement dated /Hd/____________________________, (as may be amended or supplemented from time 
to time, the “Franchise Agreement”), which Franchise Agreement, among other items, states that Holder 
will make a loan to Franchisee pursuant to a promissory note in substantially similar form to this promissory 
note (the “Note”). Holder will lend Franchisee an amount equal to _____ shortly after completion of the 
following payment conditions: (i) occurrence of the Opening Date on or before the Opening Deadline; (ii) 
Holder’s receipt of evidence that Franchisee is the deedholder of the Hotel ; and (iii) Holder’s receipt of 
evidence that the ownership of Franchisee continues to match the ownership reflected in Schedule A of the 
Franchise Agreement.  
 
2. Interest . 
 
 2.1 This Note will bear interest from the date on which funds are advanced to Maker (the 
“Distribution Date”) until paid in full at the annual rate of Prime plus two percent (prime plus 2%) (the “Rate 
of Interest”). “Prime” initially refers to the prime rate quoted by the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate as of the 
Distribution Date, and during the period in which all or any portion of the Principal Amount remains 
outstanding, shall adjust from time to time as the rate quoted by the Wall Street Journal adjusts. Rate of 
Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and charged for the actual number of days elapsed 
in each interest calculation period. The maximum interest rate in California is 10% annually. 
 
 2.2 Nothing in this Note will be construed or operate to require Maker to pay interest at a 
greater rate than the maximum allowed by law. Should any interest or other charges paid or payable by 
Maker under this Note result in the computation or earning of  interest in excess of the maximum allowed 
by law, then all excess interest charges are waived by Holder, and any such excess interest received by 
Holder will be automatically credited against the Principal Amount, and any such remaining excess received 
by Holder that exceeds the Principal Amount will be credited by Holder against Royalty Fees payable to 
Holder pursuant to the Franchise Agreement.   
 
3. Use of Proceeds. Maker agrees that the entire proceeds of this Note will be used solely for 
purposes related to the construction and operation of a Brand hotel pursuant to the Franchise Agreement. 
 
4. Payment. 
 
 4.1 Unless otherwise accelerated pursuant to Section 5.2, this Note matures ___ (__) years 
from the Opening Date (the " Maturity Date"), at which time the entire Principal Amount, all accrued and 
unpaid interest on this Note and all other sums due under this Note will be due and payable in full.   
 

 
 
 4.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no payments (of either the Principal Amount or any 
associated interest) will be due or payable under this Note unless and until a Default (as defined in Section 
5.1 hereof) occurs.  If no Default (i) has occurred before the Maturity Date, or (ii) is occurring on the Maturity 
Date, then the entire Principal Amount and all accrued interest will be waived and forgiven by Holder as of 
the Maturity Date.   
 
 4.3 As of each anniversary of the Opening Date, unless a Default has occurred, the loan 
balance shall automatically be reduced by: (a) 1/__th of the Principal Amount (the “Forgiven Amount”), and 
(b) all accrued interest on the Forgiven Amount.   
 
 4.4 Payments on this Note shall be made in lawful currency of the United States of America to 
Holder, at the address set forth in Section 6.3 of this Note or such other address as Holder may designate 
by written notice to Maker. 
 
5. Default. 
 
5.1 The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a “Default”:  (1) 
Maker’s failure to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement under the terms of this Note or 
under the terms of any documents signed in connection with this Note, if any, (including, but not limited to, 
any commitment, loan agreement,  stock pledge agreement or guaranty) or any other note or other 
obligation payable by Maker to Holder; (2) if any representation or warranty made in connection with this 
Note or in any report, opinion, schedule or certification with this Note or later submitted to Holder is in 
Holder’s opinion, false, misleading or incorrect in any material respect; (3) if for any reason, the Franchise 
Agreement terminates or is otherwise rendered ineffective prior to the Maturity Date; (4) the occurrence of 
any event(s) or existence of any situation that, after providing for any applicable notice/cure rights set forth 
in the Franchise Agreement, would provide Holder with a right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; (5) if 
all or any portion of the premises to which the Franchise Agreement applies (the "Premises"), any interest 
in the Premises (including an ownership interest in any entity that owns the Premises), or any interest in 
this Note is transferred, leased, or conveyed, other than as security for a debt or other obligation, whether 
done by a direct or indirect method, or should Franchisee enter into any contractual arrangement to transfer 
or convey the Premises, any interest in the Premises (including an ownership interest in any entity that 
owns the Premises) , any part of this Note, or any interest in this Note other than as security for a debt, 
unless, within 30 days of such transfer, Holder enters into a new Brand  franchise agreement with the 
transferee for the Premises, and the transferee assumes all of Maker's obligations under this Note and 
executes Holder's then-current form of Assumption of Promissory Note; and (6) the filing of any insolvency 
or bankruptcy proceeding by or against any Maker or the appointment of a receiver for any Maker or any 
Maker’s assets. 
 
 5.2 If a Default occurs, at Holder’s option, the Default Payment Amount (as defined below) will 
immediately become due and payable by Maker to Holder without notice to Maker or any other person or 
entity. The “Default Payment Amount” means the sum of: (a) the original Principal Amount less an amount 
equal to the product resulting from multiplying the original Principal Amount by a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the number of full calendar years that have elapsed since the Opening Date, and the denominator 
of which is ten (10) (the amount resulting from this calculation is referred to as the "Amount Due"); plus (b) 
interest on the Amount Due calculated from the Distribution Date at the Rate of Interest. 
 
5.3 Interest will accrue on the Default Payment Amount at the Rate of Interest until the Default 
Payment Amount has been paid in full; provided, that if such Default Payment Amount has not been paid 
in full by the date that is fifteen (15) days after the date such amount became due and payable, interest will 
begin to accrue at a default annual rate equal to Prime plus seven percent (prime plus 7%). The maximum 
interest rate in California is 10% annually. 
 
5.4 The following provisions are applicable upon the occurrence of a Default:  (A) Maker will 
pay Holder all expenses, costs and attorneys' fees that Holder incurs in connection with Holder’s collection 
of any monies due under this Note or for the enforcement of any right under this Note or under any other 
agreement related to the loan evidenced by this Note, and (B) Holder may exercise any or all other rights, 

 
 
powers and remedies provided for in any instrument, document or agreement now or later evidencing 
security or otherwise relating to the loan evidenced by this Note or now or later existing at law or in equity 
or by statute or otherwise.   
 
5.5 CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT . Upon the occurrence of a Default, Maker hereby 
irrevocably authorizes and empowers any attorney or clerk of any court of record in the United 
States or elsewhere to appear for and, with or without declaration filed, confess judgment against 
Maker in favor of Holder or an assignee or successor of Holder, of the Note, at any time, for the full 
or total Default Payment Amount under this Note, together with all indebtedness provided for 
therein, with interest, costs of suit, and reasonable attorneys’ fees; and the undersigned expressly 
releases all errors, waives all stay of execution, rights of inquisition and extension upon any levy 
upon real estate and all exemption of property from levy and sale upon any execution hereon; and 
Maker expressly agrees to condemnation and expressly relinquishes all rights to benefits or 
exemptions under any and all exemption laws now in force or which may hereafter be enacted. 
Maker acknowledges and agrees that Maker is voluntarily, knowingly, and intelligently giving up its 
right to notice and hearing prior to the entry of judgment, is granting Holder, or Holder’s assignee 
or successor, the right to confess judgment against  Maker and is freely waiving its due process 
rights. Maker further consents to immediate execution on the judgment and waives all right of 
appeal, ratifying and confirming all that the attorney or clerk may do by virtue of this Note. 
 
 5.6 Maker waives demand, presentment for payment, protest and notice of dishonor and 
agrees that at any time and from time to time and with or without consideration, Holder may, without notice 
to or further consent of Maker and without in any manner releasing, lessening, or affecting the obligati ons 
of any of them:  (1) release, surrender, waive, add, substitute, settle, exchange, compromise, modify, 
extend, or grant indulgences with respect to (a) this Note, (b) all or any part of any collateral or security for 
this Note, and (c) Maker or any of them; and (2) grant any extension or other postponements of the time of 
payment of this Note. 
 
6. General. 
 
6.1 Cumulative Rights.  Each right, power and remedy of Holder as provided for in this Note or 
now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise is cumulative and concurrent and is 
in addition to every other right, power or remedy, and Holder’s exercise or beginning of exercise of any one 
or more of these rights, powers or remedies will not preclude Holder’s simultaneous or later exercise of any 
or all these other rights, powers or remedies. 
 
 6.2 No Waiver; Application of Payment.   No failure or delay by Holder to insist on the strict 
performance of any term of this Note or to exercise any right, power or remedy upon the occurrence of a 
Default or any other breach of this Note, is a waiver of any term or agreement or of any breach, or preclude 
Holder from exercising any right, power or remedy at any later time unless in writing.  If Holder accepts any 
payment after its due date, this act will not be a waiver of Holder's right to receive timely  payment of all 
other amounts or to declare a default for the failure to make any other payment when due.  Any partial 
payments under this Note may be applied to pay interest, the Principal Amount, the Amount Due or costs 
as Holder, in its sole discretion determines. 
 
6.3 Notices.  All notices required under this Note must be in writing, must be personally 
delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by a nationally recognized 
courier service, to Holder at Choice Hotels International, Inc., 915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North 
Bethesda, Maryland 20852, Attention:  General Counsel , and to Maker at the Designated 
Representative's address identified in the Franchise Agreement. Either Holder or Maker may change the 
applicable address to which such notices are to be sent by written notice to the other party; provided, that 
Maker may only change the Designated Representative by written notice to Holder delivered in compliance 
with the Franchise Agreement.  Maker authorizes the Designated Representative to receive Holder’s written 
notices to Maker as its agent.  Any notice by registered or certified mail or by reputable national courier 
service is deemed given and received at the date and time of sending.   
 

 
 
 6.4 Severability.  If any provision (or any part of any provision) in this Note is for any reason 
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not 
affect any other provision (or remaining part of the affected provision) of this Note, and this Note will be 
construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision (or part of this Note) had never been contained 
in this Note but only to the extent it is invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 
 6.5 Assignment.  If Holder or any future holder of this Note assigns its rights under this Note, 
the term "Holder" as used in this Note will refer to such then-current assignee. 
 
 6.6 Choice of Law.  This Note is a contract made under, and for all purposes will be construed 
in accordance with, the internal laws and judicial decisions of the State of Maryland.  Maker and Holder 
agree that any dispute arising out of this Note is subject to the jurisdiction of both the state and federal 
courts in the State of Maryland.  For that purpose, Maker submits to the jurisdiction of the state and federal 
courts of the State of Maryland.  Maker further agrees to accept service of process out of any of the before-
mentioned courts in any dispute by registered, certified mail or international courier service addressed to 
Maker.   
 
6.7. Confidentiality. You agree to keep the provisions of this Note in strict confidence and will 
not disclose them to any persons other than your directors, officers, partners, employees, agents and 
advisors that have a need to know.  Any unauthorized disclosure is a Default under this Note as defined in 
Section 5.1 hereto. 
 
 6.8 Integration. This document embodies the entire agreement of the parties with respect to 
this Note. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, or undertakings other than those 
expressly set forth or referred to in this document. This d ocument supersedes all prior agreements and 
understandings between the parties with the respect to this Note.  
 
6.9 Waiver of Trial by Jury . THE MAKER AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY 
JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO WHICH THE MAKER AND THE HOLDER MAY BE 
PARTIES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY PERTAINING TO THIS NOTE.  IT IS AGREED AND 
UNDERSTOOD THAT THIS WAIVER CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS 
AGAINST ALL PARTIES TO SUCH ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING CLAIMS AGAINST 
PARTIES WHO ARE NOT PARTIES TO THIS NOTE. 
 
[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 
  

 
 
 
 In Witness Whereof, Maker acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Note as evidenced by its 
signature under seal as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 

EXHIBIT H.B. 
 INCENTIVE PROMISSORY NOTE 

Incentive Promissory Note («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID»)  
Date  
 
            «PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» 
                         «Brand_Name» 
 
 
INCENTIVE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 
 
$________________           City, State    Date:    
 
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, each of the undersigned (collectively, “ Maker”), jointly and severally 
hereby promises to pay to the order of Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“ Holder”) the principal 
sum of ________________ Dollars ($________) (the “Principal Amount”), or such lesser amount 
as shall then equal the outstanding Principal Amount hereof on the terms and conditions set forth 
hereinafter, together with interest thereon, as provided for herein.  Pursuant to the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement (defined below), Holder will lend Maker the sum of $_________ upon the 
occurrence of the Opening Date, as defined in the Franchise Agreement. Capitalized terms used 
but not defined herein will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Franchise Agreement.   
 
1. Background and Certain Definitions. Maker and Holder are parties to a franchise 
agreement dated ______________, (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Franchise Agreement”), which Franchise Agreement, among other items, set forth certain 
conditions pursuant to which Holder will make a loan to Maker pursuant to a promissory note in 
substantially similar form to this promissory note (the “Note”). 
 
2. Interest. 
 
 2.1 This Note will bear interest from the date on which funds are advanced to Maker 
(the “Distribution Date”) until paid in full at the annual rate of Prime plus two percent (2%) (the 
“Rate of Interest”). “Prime” initially refers to the prime rate quoted by the Wall Street Journal Prime 
Rate as of the Distribution Date, and during the period in which all or any portion of the Principal 
Amount remains outstanding, shall adjust from time to time as the rate quoted by the Wall Street 
Journal adjusts. Rate of Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and charged for 
the actual number of days elapsed in each interest calculation period. The maximum interest rate 
in California is 10% annually. 
 
 2.2 Nothing in this Note will be construed or operate to require Maker to pay interest 
at a greater rate than the maximum allowed by law. Should any interest or other charges paid or 
payable by Maker under this Note result in the computation or earning of interest in excess of the 
maximum allowed by law, then all excess interest charges are waived by Holder, and any such 
excess interest received by Holder will be automatically credited against the Principal Amount, 
and any such remaining excess received by  Holder that exceeds the Principal Amount will be 
credited by Holder against Royalty Fees payable to Holder pursuant to the Franchise Agreement.   
 
3. Use of Proceeds. Maker agrees that the entire proceeds of this Note will be used solely 
for purposes related to the operation of a «Brand_Name» hotel pursuant to the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
 
 
 

Incentive Promissory Note  («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» ) 
Page 2 
Incentive Promissory Note   («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» )  
Date  
 
4. Payment. 
 
 4.1 Unless otherwise accelerated pursuant to Section 5.2, this Note matures one 
hundred and twenty (120) months from the Opening Date (the "Maturity Date"), at which time the 
entire Principal Amount, all accrued and unpaid interest on this Note and all other sums due under 
this Note will be due and payable in full.   
 
 4.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no payments (of either the Principal Amount or any 
associated interest) will be due or payable under this Note unless and until a Default (as defined 
in Section 5.1 hereof) occurs.  If no Default (i) has occurred before the Maturity Date, or (ii) is 
occurring on the Maturity Date, then the entire Principal Amount and all accrued interest will be 
waived and forgiven by Holder as of the Maturity Date.   
 
 4.3 As of each anniversary of the Opening Date, unless a Default has occurred, the 
loan balance shall automatically be reduced by: (a) 1/10
th of the Principal Amount (the “Forgiven 
Amount”), and (b) all accrued interest on the Forgiven Amount.   
 
 4.4 Payments on this Note shall be made in lawful currency of the United States of 
America to Holder, at the address set forth in Section 6.3 of this Note or such other address as 
Holder may designate by written notice to Maker. 
 
5. Default. 
 
5.1 The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a 
“Default”:  (1) Maker’s failure to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement under 
the terms of this Note or under the terms of any documents signed in connection with this Note, 
if any, (including, but not limited to, any commitment, loan agreement, stock pledge agreement or 
guaranty) or any other note or other obligation payable by Maker to Holder; (2) if any 
representation or warranty made in connection with this Note or in any report, opinion, schedule 
or certification with this Note or later submitted to Holder is in Holder’s opinion, false, misleading 
or incorrect in any material respect; (3) if for any reason, the Franchise Agreement terminates or 
is otherwise rendered ineffective; (4) the occurrence of any event(s) or existence of any situation 
that, after providing for any applicable notice/cure rights set forth in the Franchise Agreement, 
would provide Holder with a right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; (5) if all of any portion of 
the premises to which the Franchise Agreement applies (the " Premises"), any interest in the 
Premises (including an ownership interest in any entity that owns the Premises), or any interest 
in this Note is transferred, leased, or conveyed, other than as security for a debt or other 
obligation, whether done by a direct or indirect method, or should Maker enter into any contractual 
arrangement to transfer or convey the Premises, any interest in the Premises (including an 
ownership interest in any entity that owns the Premises), any part of this Note, or any interest in 
this Note other than as security for a debt, unless, within 30 days of such transfer, Holder enters 
into a new «Brand_Name» franchise agreement with the transferee for the Premises, and the 
transferee assumes all of Maker's obligations under this Note and executes Holder's then-current 
form of Assumption of Promissory Note; (6) the filing of any insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding 
by or against any Maker or the appointment of a receiver for any Maker or any Maker’s assets; 
and (7) the death of any Maker unless (i) within 30 days upon death of a Maker, Holder is notified 
of such death, and (ii) within 60 days of said notification, this Note is transferred to and assumed 
by a new individual within Maker’s family, that Holder approves in its sole discretion, by executing 
Holder’s then-current form of Assumption of Promissory Note. 

Incentive Promissory Note  («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» ) 
Page 3 
Incentive Promissory Note   («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» )  
Date  
 
 
 5.2 If a Default occurs, at Holder’s option, the Default Payment Amount (as defined 
below) will immediately become due and payable by Maker to Holder without notice to Maker or 
any other person or entity. The “Default Payment Amount” means the sum of: (a) the original 
Principal Amount less an amount equal to the product resulting from multiplying the original 
Principal Amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full calendar months that 
have elapsed since the Opening Date, and the denominator of which is one hundred twenty (120) 
(the amount resulting from this calculation is referred to as the " Amount Due"); plus (b) interest 
on the Amount Due calculated from the Distribution Date at the Rate of Interest. 
 
5.3 Interest will accrue on the Default Payment Amount at the Rate of Interest until the 
Default Payment Amount has been paid in full; provided, that if such Default Payment Amount 
has not been paid in full by the date that is fifteen (15) days after the date such amount became 
due and payable, interest will begin to accrue at a default annual rate equal to Prime plus seven 
percent (prime plus 7%). The maximum interest rate in California is 10% annually. 
 
5.4 The following provisions are applicable upon the occurrence of a Default:  (A) 
Maker will pay Holder all expenses, costs and attorneys' fees that Holder incurs in connection 
with Holder’s collection of any monies due under this Note or for the enforcement of any right 
under this Note or under any other agreement related to the loan evidenced by this Note, and (B) 
Holder may exercise any or all other rights, powers and remedies provided for in any instrument, 
document or agreement now or later evidencing security or otherwise relating to the loan 
evidenced by this Note or now or later existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise.   
 
5.5 CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT . Upon the occurrence of a Default, Maker 
hereby irrevocably authorizes and empowers any attorney or clerk of any court of record 
in the United States or elsewhere to appear for and, with or without declaration filed, 
confess judgment against Maker in favor of Holder or an assignee or successor of Holder, 
of the Note, at any time, for the full or total Default Payment Amount under this Note, 
together with all indebtedness provided for therein, with interest, costs of suit, and 
reasonable attorneys’ fees; and the undersigned expressly releases all errors, waives all 
stay of execution, rights of inquisition and extension upon any levy upon real estate and 
all exemption of property from levy and sale upon any execution hereon; and Maker 
expressly agrees to condemnation and expressly relinquishes all rights to benefits or 
exemptions under any and all exemption laws now in force or which may hereafter be 
enacted. Maker acknowledges and agrees that Maker is voluntarily, knowingly, and 
intelligently giving up its right to notice and hearing prior to the entry of judgment, is 
granting Holder, or Holder’s assignee or successor, the right to confess judgment 
against Maker and is freely waiving its due process rights. Maker further consents to 
immediate execution on the judgment and waives all right of appeal, ratifying and 
confirming all that the attorney or clerk may do by virtue of this Note. 
 
 5.6 Maker waives demand, presentment for payment, protest and notice of dishonor 
and agrees that at any time and from time to time and with or without consideration, Holder may, 
without notice to or further consent of Maker and without in any manner releasing, lessening, or 
affecting the obligations of any of them:  (1) release, surrender, waive, add, substitute, settle, 
exchange, compromise, modify, extend, or grant indulgences with respect to (a) this Note, (b) all 
or any part of any collateral or security for this Note, and (c) Maker or any of them; and (2) grant 
any extension or other postponements of the time of payment of this Note. 
 
6. General. 

Incentive Promissory Note  («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» ) 
Page 4 
Incentive Promissory Note   («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» )  
Date  
 
 
6.1 Cumulative Rights.  Each right, power and remedy of Holder as provided for in this 
Note or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise is cumulative and 
concurrent and is in addition to every other right, power or remedy, and Holder’s exercise or 
beginning of exercise of any one or more of these rights, powers or remedies will not preclude 
Holder’s simultaneous or later exercise of any or all these other rights, powers or remedies. 
 
 6.2 No Waiver; Application of Payment.   No failure or delay by Holder to insist on the 
strict performance of any term of this Note or to exercise any right, power or remedy upon the 
occurrence of a Default or any other breach of this Note, is a waiver of any term or agreement or 
of any breach, or preclude Holder from exercising any right, power or remedy at any later time 
unless in writing.  If Holder accepts any payment after its due date, this act will not be a waiver of 
Holder's right to receive timely payment of all other amounts or to declare a default for the failure 
to make any other payment when due.  Any partial payments under this Note may be applied to 
pay interest, the Principal Amount, the Amount Due or costs as Holder, in its sole discretion 
determines. 
 
6.3 Notices.  All notices required under this Note must be in writing, must be personally 
delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by a nationally 
recognized courier service, to Holder at Choice Hotels International, Inc., 915 Meeting Street, 
Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, and to Maker at the Designated Representative's 
address identified in the Franchise Agreement. Either Holder or Maker may change the applicable 
address to which such notices are to be sent by written notice to the other party; provided, that 
Maker may only change the Designated Representative by written notice to Holder delivered in 
compliance with the Franchise Agreement.  Maker authorizes the Designated Representative to 
receive Holder’s written notices to Maker as its agent.  Any notice by registered or certified mail 
or by reputable national courier service is deemed given and received at the date and time of 
sending.   
 
 6.4 Severability.  If any provision (or any part of any provision) in this Note is for any 
reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the invalidity, illegality or 
unenforceability will not affect any other provision (or remaining part of the affected provision) of 
this Note, and this Note will be construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision (or 
part of this Note) had never been contained in this Note but only to the extent it is invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable. 
 
 6.5 Assignment.  If Holder or any future holder of this Note assigns its rights under this 
Note, the term "Holder" as used in this Note will refer to such then-current assignee. 
 
 6.6 Choice of Law.  This Note is a contract made under, and for all purposes will be 
construed in accordance with, the internal laws and judicial decisions of the State of Maryland.  
Maker and Holder agree that any dispute arising out of this Note is subject to the jurisdiction of 
both the state and federal courts in the State of Maryland.  For that purpose, Maker submits to 
the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the State of Maryland.  Maker further agrees to 
accept service of process out of any of the before-mentioned courts in any dispute by registered, 
certified mail or international courier service addressed to Maker.   
 
6.7. Confidentiality. You agree to keep the provisions of this Note in strict confidence 
and will not disclose them to any persons other than your directors, officers, partners, employees, 
agents and advisors that have a need to know.  Any unauthorized disclosure is a Default under 
this Note as defined in Section 5.1 hereto. 

Incentive Promissory Note  («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» ) 
Page 5 
Incentive Promissory Note   («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» )  
Date  
 
 
6.8 Waiver of Trial by Jury . THE MAKER AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVE 
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO WHICH THE MAKER AND THE 
HOLDER MAY BE PARTIES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY PERTAINING TO THIS 
NOTE.  IT IS AGREED AND UNDERSTOOD THAT THIS WAIVER CONSTITUTES A WAIVER 
OF T RIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS AGAINST ALL PARTIES TO SUCH ACTIONS OR 
PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING CLAIMS AGAINST PARTIES WHO ARE NOT PARTIES TO 
THIS NOTE. 
 
 In Witness Whereof, Maker acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Note as 
evidenced by its signature under seal as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT I

391-20170119 x
Your Application for Financing is Approved
Finance Agreement
_______
Prepared On March 6, 2017
Prepared For
Customer Name
Address
City, State, Zip Code
Financing Provided By
Ascentium Capital LLC
23970 HWY 59 N
Kingwood TX 77339
Enclosed is your Finance agreement. The below instructions will help you complete your documents: 
 Include a copy of your driver's license (all signors).
 Include a copy of your business check payable to Ascentium Capital LLC for the below invoice amount.  Please write your 
agreement number on the memo line.  This check copy will be used to initiate payment via ACH/EFT withdrawal.  Do not mail the 
original check.
 Return completed cover page and documents by Email to  VSR@AscentiumCapital.com or by Fax to 1-866-846-3680.
Please Complete Signor Information for _____________________
Cell Phone: Home Phone: 832-766-7224
Email:
Federal Tax ID:
Equipment Location:
(Please update if incorrect)
_______________________________
Updated address:
INVOICE AMOUNT INVOICE DETAILS 
$ Advanced Payment Amount
$ Processing Fee(s)  
$0.00 Less Money Received 
$ TOTAL AMOUNT DUE AT SIGNING 
Ascentium Capital greatly appreciates your business. If you have any questions, please contact me.
Phone:  
Email:  .  
##SalesApprove##


251-20160830
AUTHORIZATION TO PERFORM VERBAL VERIFICATION
Agreement No. _______
The undersigned hereby authorizes Ascentium Capital LLC to perform a verbal verification accepting the terms and conditions of the above-
referenced Agreement and confirming the identification and condition of the Collateral or Equipment subject thereto.
The undersigned agrees that a facsimile or other image of this Authorization to Perform Verbal Verification, as executed, shall be deemed the 
equivalent of the originally executed copy for all purposes.
Person(s) Authorized to Provide Verbal Verification:
Name: ##VerbalName1## Title: ##VerbalTitle1## Phone: ##VerbalPhone1##
Name: ##VerbalName2## Title: ##VerbalTitle2## Phone: ##VerbalPhone2##
Name: ##VerbalName3## Title: ##VerbalTitle3## Phone ##VerbalPhone3##
CUSTOMER:  ___________________________________
Signature: ##BusSign##
Printed Name:
Title: Date: ##BusSignDate##


1291-20161202                                                                                                                                 Page 1 of  2
EQUIPMENT FINANCE AGREEMENT
No. ______
DEBTOR: ADDRESS TERM: 
PAYMENT SCHEDULE: ___ @ $_____
COLLATERAL: Items of personal property as generally described herein which Ascentium Capital LLC (“Secured Party”) and Debtor agree that a more detailed description of the property being 
financed shall be maintained by us among our books and records in whatever more detailed description of the property financed is received from the supplier of such property and, absent manifest 
error, such detailed description shall be considered incorporated into this Equipment Finance Agreement and shall be provided to Debtor promptly upon request.  
Personal Property Description:   _______________________
1.  Definitions:  The words “you” and “your” refer to the DEBTOR, its successors and permitted assigns, as shown above. The words “we”, “us” and “our” refer to the SECURED PARTY, its successors 
and assigns.
2.  Acceptance; Representations & Warranties:  We agree to lend to you, and you agree to borrow from us, an amount for the financing of the Collateral.  This Equipment Finance Agreement (this 
“Agreement”) has an interim term (“Interim Term”) and an initial term (“Initial Term”).  The foregoing, collectively, the “Term”. The Interim Term starts on the date of the funding of the loan evidenced by 
this Agreement. The Initial Term starts on the billing date specified by us in our sole discretion (the “Commencement Date”).  We shall have no obligations under this Agreement whatsoever until we 
accept and sign this Agreement at our office and the satisfaction in our sole discretion of all conditions we may specify including our receipt of all documents we specify.  You represent and warrant to 
us that all information conveyed to us in connection with this Agreement and all related documents whether by you, a guarantor, the supplier or any other person, is true, accurate, complete and not 
misleading. If you are an entity, the person executing this Agreement on your behalf represents to us that they are authorized to do so, making this Agreement the valid and binding act of the entity.
3.  Security Interest:  You hereby grant to us a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code (“UCC”) in the Collateral and all accessories and additions thereto and replacements thereof and 
all proceeds and products of the foregoing. Such security interest is granted to secure payment and performance by you of your obligations hereunder. All amounts received from you under this 
Agreement shall be applied towards your obligations to us as we determine.
4.  Payments:  You promise to pay us the number of payments shown above, each in the amount shown above, commencing on the Commencement Date and continuing on the same day of each 
month thereafter during the Initial Term (each a “Payment”, and each day a Payment is due hereunder a “Payment Date”), without need of an invoice, together with all other amounts due from time to 
time by you hereunder. The total initial payment shall be paid upon your execution of this Agreement. If the contemplated transaction is not consummated, the total initial payment may be retained by 
us as partial compensation for costs and expenses incurred by us in preparation for the transaction. The amount of each Payment is based upon the total estimated cost of the Collateral, or the portion 
thereof being purchased with the proceeds of the loan evidenced hereby, you have provided to us and which is set forth above. If the final cost of the Collateral (or the portion being purchased) we pay 
the supplier is higher or lower than that estimate, we will adjust the amount of each Payment proportionately higher or lower than the Payment amount specified above. You also agree to pay, when 
invoiced, an amount equal to 1/30th of the Payment amount for each day from and including the date we fund the loan evidenced by this Agreement, to but excluding the first Payment Date. Following 
the first Payment Date, the Term shall continue without interruption for the number of months indicated above. YOUR OBLIGATION TO MAKE PAYMENTS AND PAY OTHER AMOUNTS DUE 
HEREUNDER IS ABSOLUTE AND UNCONDITIONAL AND NOT SUBJECT TO ABATEMENT, REDUCTION OR SET-OFF FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER. THIS IS A NON-CANCELABLE 
AGREEMENT: THIS AGREEMENT, THE TERMS OF WHICH HAVE BEEN FREELY NEGOTIATED BY EACH PARTY, IS ALSO SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON THE 
FOLLOWING PAGE WHICH IS MADE PART HEREOF AND WHICH DEBTOR AND SECURED PARTY ACKNOWLEDGE THEY HAVE READ AND ACCEPTED.  
5.  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND CLAIMS; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES: THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES BY OR ON BEHALF OF SECURED PARTY AND NEITHER THE SUPPLIER NOR 
ANY OTHER PARTY IS SECURED PARTY’S AGENT. DEBTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES: (A) SECURED PARTY MAKES NO WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AS TO 
THE CONDITION OF THE COLLATERAL, ITS MERCHANTABILITY, ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; (B) DEBTOR ACCEPTS THE COLLATERAL “AS IS” AND WITH ALL 
FAULTS; (C) DEBTOR AGREES THAT THE COLLATERAL WILL BE USED SOLELY FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES; (D) IF THE COLLATERAL IS UNSATISFACTORY FOR ANY 
REASON DEBTOR’S ONLY REMEDY, IF ANY, SHALL BE AGAINST THE SUPPLIER OR MANUFACTURER OF THE COLLATERAL AND NOT AGAINST SECURED PARTY; (E) DEBTOR SHALL 
HAVE NO REMEDY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES AGAINST SECURED PARTY, ALL OF THE SAME BEING DISCLAIMED AND 
WAIVED; AND (F) NO DEFECT, DAMAGE OR UNFITNESS OF THE COLLATERAL SHALL RELIEVE DEBTOR OF THE OBLIGATION TO MAKE PAYMENTS OR RELIEVE DEBTOR OF ANY 
OTHER OBLIGATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
6.  Location; Maintenance; Installation; Insurance:  You agree to maintain records showing the location of each item of Collateral. You shall report each location to us upon our request and shall not 
change the location of the Collateral without our advance written consent. You are responsible for installing and keeping the Collateral in good working order. You shall not make any alterations, 
additions or improvements to the Collateral which detracts from its economic value or functional utility. If the Collateral is damaged or lost, you agree to continue making scheduled Payments unless 
we have received the Casualty Value pursuant to Section 11. You agree to keep the Collateral insured against loss during the Term and to have us named as loss payee n such coverage amounts as 
we may specify from time to time, from anyone who is acceptable to us. You agree to provide us with a certificate of insurance acceptable to us upon our request and if at any time you fail to deliver to 
us a valid certificate of insurance reflecting such insurance as being in effect, then we will have the right, but no obligation, to have such insurance protecting us placed for the Term at your expense; 
and if so placed, we will add to the Payments and you will pay us our costs of obtaining such insurance and any customary charges or fees of ours.
7.  Taxes and Fees; Indemnification:  You agree to pay when due and to indemnify and hold us harmless from all taxes, fees, fines, interest and penalties, including, without limitation, personal 
property or documentary stamp taxes, (“Taxes”) relating to the use or ownership of the Collateral or to this Agreement now or hereafter imposed, levied or assessed by any taxing authority. We may in 
our sole discretion, elect to pay any such Taxes directly to a taxing authority and if so you agree to reimburse us on our demand for any such Taxes paid on your behalf together with any filing or 
processing fee charged by us. If any taxing authority requires any Taxes to be paid in advance, and we pay such Taxes, we may increase the cost of the Collateral we are financing by such amount as 
described in Section 4 above thereby increasing the amount of each Payment to reflect the payment of such Taxes. You also agree to pay us and reimburse us for all costs and expenses in 
documenting and servicing this Agreement. You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any suits, claims, losses or damages we suffer in any way relating to the use or ownership of the 
Collateral. Your obligations under this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. You agree to pay us fees in an amount in effect from time to time in connection with 
the documentation of the Agreement and any site inspection or lien search we deem necessary. You agree that all such fees and any insurance we obtain pursuant to the last sentence of Section 6 
may not only cover our costs they may also include a profit.
8.  Personal Property:  The Collateral will be and shall remain personal property and, if requested by us, you will obtain real property waivers satisfactory to us. You shall keep the Collateral free from 
any and all liens and encumbrances other than those in our favor. You shall give us immediate notice of any attachment or other judicial process, liens or encumbrances affecting the Collateral. You 
hereby irrevocably authorize us and appoint us as your attorney-in-fact with the power to execute and to file this Agreement and any financing statement(s) or security agreement(s) with respect to the 
Collateral. If your signature on any financing statement or similar document is required by law, you shall execute such supplemental instruments and financing statements we deem to be necessary 
and advisable and shall otherwise cooperate to defend and perfect our interest in the Collateral by filing or otherwise. You also agree to pay us on demand filing and registration fees prescribed by the 
UCC or other law. Any Collateral that is subject to title or registration laws shall be titled and registered as directed by us.
9.  Default; Remedies; Late Charges:  If any one of the following events occur with respect to you or any Guarantor, you will be in default: (i) you fail to pay any Payment or other amount due under 
this Agreement, when due, (ii) you breach or fail to perform any of your other covenants and promises under this Agreement, (iii) you become insolvent, any action under the United States Bankruptcy 
Code is filed by or against you, make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, admit your inability to pay your debts as they become due, or if you terminate your entity existence or take any actions 
regarding the cessation or winding up of your business affairs. If you are in default, at our election, we can accelerate and require that you pay, as reasonable liquidated damages for loss of bargain, 
the “Accelerated Balance”. The Accelerated Balance will be equal to the total of: (i) accrued and unpaid amounts then due under this Agreement, and (ii) the remaining Payments discounted to their 
then present value at 3% per annum. We can also pursue any of the remedies available to us under the UCC or any other law. In the event we seek to take possession of any part of the Collateral, 
you irrevocably waive to the fullest extent permitted by law any bonds, surety or security required by statute, court rule or otherwise as an incident of such possession. You agree to pay our reasonable 
attorneys’ fees and actual costs incurred by us in enforcing our rights hereunder including repossession, storage, refurbishment and sale of the Collateral and collection costs, and all non-sufficient 
funds charges and similar charges. If any part of a payment is late, you agree to pay us upon our demand the following, or if less, the maximum amount allowed under applicable law: (x) a late charge 
equal to the greater of 10% of the payment or $25.00, (y) a charge of $30.00 for each check returned for any reason or if any ACH debit charge is not honored and (z) if we have had to perform 
collection activities in connection with such late payment, our specified collection charges then in effect. The foregoing will not be construed as interest but as reimbursement to us to cover 
administrative and overhead expenses related to the processing and collection of the late payment.


1291-20161202                                                                                                                                 Page 2 of  2
10.  Assignment; Inspection:  YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, LEASE OR ENCUMBER THE COLLATERAL OR THIS AGREEMENT. We may sell, transfer, assign or encumber 
this Agreement, in whole or in part, without notice to you or your consent. You agree that if we sell, transfer, assign or encumber this Agreement, the assignee will have the rights and benefits that we 
assign to the assignee and will not have to perform any of our obligations. You agree that the rights of the assignee will not be subject to any claims, defenses or set-offs that you may have against us. 
We and our agents and representatives shall have the right at any time during regular business hours to inspect the Collateral and for that purpose to have access to the location of the Collateral.
11.  Risk of Loss:  You assume and shall bear the entire risk of loss, theft, damage and destruction of the Collateral from any cause whatsoever, and no loss, theft, damage or destruction of the Collateral 
shall relieve you of the obligation to make Payments or any other obligation under this Agreement. You shall promptly notify us in writing of such loss, theft, damage or destruction. If damage of any kind 
occurs to any item of Collateral, you, at our option, shall at your expense (a) place the Collateral in good repair, condition or working order, or (b) if the Collateral cannot be repaired or is lost, stolen or 
suffers a constructive loss under an insurance policy covering the Collateral, pay to us the “Casualty Value.” The Casualty Value will be equal to the total of (i) accrued and unpaid amounts then due and 
owing, and (ii) the remaining Payments discounted to present value at 3%, in both cases as of the date the Casualty Value is received by us.
12.  Choice of Law; Waiver of Jury Trial:  Subject to the following sentence, this Agreement shall be governed by, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of California. 
If any amount contracted for, charged or received in connection with this Agreement constitutes interest or regulated time-price differential governed by, not exempt from, and in excess of amounts 
lawfully permitted, under California law (the “Subject Amount”), then (i) if the law of state in which Debtor resides (as indicated in Debtor’s address above; the “Debtor’s State”) would permit the lawful 
contracting for, charging or receipt of any part of the Subject Amount, then the parties agree that the law of Debtor’s State shall govern as to the contracting for, charging and receipt of such interest or 
regulated time-price differential and (ii) if clause (i) preceding is not applicable, Secured Party shall make any necessary adjustments so as to eliminate such excess. Debtor agrees to provide Secured 
Party advance written notice and an opportunity to cure pursuant to the preceding sentence any contract, charge or receipt claimed by Debtor to be unlawful; and Secured Party may calculate maximum 
lawful amounts by amortizing, prorating, allocating reallocating, discounting, treating months as equal intervals, and spreading in each case to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. You consent to 
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the state of California in any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement, YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN 
ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO ASSERT THIS IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.
13.  Miscellaneous:  During the Term, you agree to provide us with all financial statements and copies of tax returns we may request. If we supply you with labels, you shall label any and all Collateral and 
shall keep the same affixed in a prominent place. If any provision hereof or any remedy herein provided is found to be invalid under any applicable law, the remaining provisions hereof, shall be given 
effect in accordance with the manifest intent hereof. The parties agree that each Payment includes interest. You agree that a waiver of breach will not be a waiver of any other subsequent breach, and 
that any delay or failure to enforce our rights under this Agreement does not prevent us from enforcing any rights at a later time. YOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES FOR ANY DEFAULT BY US UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. Section headings are for convenience and are not a part of this Agreement. You agree that by 
providing us with an email address or telephone number for a cellular or other wireless device, you expressly consent to receiving communications including email, voice and text messages from us or our 
affiliates or assigns at that email address or telephone number, and this express consent applies to each such email address or telephone number that you provide to us now or in the future and permits 
such communications regardless of their purpose. These calls and messages may incur access fees from your internet or wireless provider. You agree that the original of this Agreement may be 
electronically duplicated and a copy hereof may be introduced in lieu of the original thereof and without further foundation. The parties hereto expressly waive the secondary evidence rule. You agree that 
this Agreement will be binding upon your successors, permitted assigns, heirs and legal representatives. You authorize us to complete any blank in this instrument or in any document executed or 
delivered in connection herewith that contemplates a date by inserting a date deemed appropriate by us. Time is of the essence with respect to your obligations hereunder. No term or provision of this 
Agreement may be amended, altered, waived or discharged except by a written instrument signed by both parties to this Agreement. Any formal notice given pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed 
given 2 business days after being placed with the U.S. Postal Service, postage prepaid, addressed to the Debtor at its address set forth above, or to Secured Party at 23970 Hwy 59 N, Kingwood, TX 
77339-1535, or such other address as a party may designate by written notice to the other. If Debtor constitutes more than one person, you agree that the liability of each such person hereunder is joint 
and several. Any restrictive endorsement on any check you give us in payment of any amount due hereunder shall be void. You may not prepay this Agreement without our prior written consent. A 
facsimile or other copy of this Agreement, as executed, shall be deemed the equivalent of the originally executed copy for all purposes.  All amounts payable hereunder by you if not paid when due shall 
accrue interest at a rate of interest of 1.5% per month or the highest rate allowed by applicable law if less, from the due date thereof until received by us in cash and shall be payable on demand. This 
Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. You agree this Agreement may be signed electronically pursuant to the Electronic 
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and other applicable law.
By signing below Debtor hereby irrevocably accepts the Collateral under this Agreement and irrevocably authorizes Secured Party to pay the supplier on behalf of the Debtor. The person executing this 
Agreement is authorized to do so, making this Agreement the valid and binding act of the Debtor.
Debtor Name: Accepted By: Ascentium Capital LLC
By:  ##BusSign## By: ##AscSign##
Printed Name and Title: Printed Name and Title: Bryan Wheeler, Senior Vice President
GUARANTY: The undersigned (“you”, “your”, jointly and severally if more than one) unconditionally guarantees to Secured Party and its assigns the prompt payment and performance when due of all of 
the obligations of the Debtor under the Agreement and all related documents executed by the Debtor in connection with it (collectively with the Agreement, the “Agreements”). We shall not be obligated to 
proceed against the Debtor, the property being financed under the Agreements or enforce any other remedy before proceeding against you to enforce this Guaranty. Notwithstanding any changes made 
to the Agreements in the course of our dealings with the Debtor, this Guaranty will remain in effect with respect to the Agreements as so changed even if you are not notified of the changes and will 
remain in effect even if the Agreements or any of them are no longer enforceable against the Debtor. You waive all presentments, demand for performance, notices of protest, notices of dishonor, notices 
of acceptance of this Guaranty and all other notices to which you may have a right. You agree to pay us all the expenses incurred by us in enforcing this Guaranty. You may not assign this Guaranty 
without our written consent. This Guaranty shall be governed by, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of California without reference to its principles of conflicts of 
laws. You consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the state of California in any action to enforce this Guaranty and you waive any right to assert this is an 
inconvenient forum. You consent to us conducting a credit evaluation of you from all sources, periodically updating it and sharing the results with others. This Guaranty may be executed in separate 
counterparts which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Guarantor Signature:   ##PGSign1## Printed Name:
Guarantor Signature:   ##PGSign2## Printed Name:
AUTHORIZATION FOR ACH PAYMENTS: Debtor authorizes Secured Party or Secured Party’s successors and assigns to automatically initiate and make debit entry charges to Debtor’s bank account  
indicated below for the payment of all amounts owed by you from time to time under the Agreement. This Authorization is to remain in effect during the Term of the Agreement Agreement. Any incorrect 
charge will be corrected upon notification to us, by either a credit or debit to Debtor’s account.
Bank Name: ##ACHBankRules## Account Holder Name: ##ACHHolderNmRules##
Account No: ##ACHAcctRules## ABA No.: ##ACHABARules##
Authorized Signature:  ##ACHSignRules## Printed Name and Title: ##ACHSignNameRules##, ##ACHSignTitleRules##

301-20160309
COMMENCEMENT AGREEMENT
Agreement No. _____
Date: March 6, 2017
You, the Customer, and Ascentium Capital LLC (“we”, “us”, “our”) have entered into the above referenced equipment lease, equipment finance agreement, secured 
loan or similar agreement (which may be one or more schedules to a master agreement) (“Agreement”) pursuant to which we will be financing the Equipment or 
Collateral as defined in and described in the Agreement (in either case “Equipment”) as set forth in this Commencement Agreement (“CA”). The Equipment is being 
delivered at various times and the vendor or vendors of the Equipment have to be paid for each item of Equipment at or before its delivery to you. You agree to 
commence the initial non-cancelable term of the Agreement immediately even though items of Equipment remain to be delivered to and accepted by you from one or 
more vendors.
NOW THEREFOR, you and we hereby agree as follows:
1.  The term of the Agreement will commence on the date of this CA, with the interim term commencing on the date set forth above and the initial term commencing 
as provided in the Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding the fact that not all items of Equipment have been delivered to and accepted by you 
as of the date set forth above, the terms and conditions of the Agreement, including your obligation to pay all amounts of rent or debt service set forth in the 
Agreement, shall commence immediately and, except as otherwise specifically set forth in this CA, irrevocably.
2.  You agree to inspect and accept for purposes of the Agreement all undelivered items of Equipment immediately upon their delivery to you. If, when delivered, an 
item of Equipment is damaged or non-conforming, you agree to cause the vendor in question to repair and/or replace any such item of Equipment and you agree to 
immediately accept any conforming replacement and/or repaired Equipment for all purposes under the Agreement while continuing to meet all of your payment and 
other obligations under the Agreement.
3.  All amounts anticipated to be disbursed by us on your behalf that have not been disbursed as of the date of this CA will be deemed disbursed by us into a 
separate holding account for your benefit (“Account”), the contents of which shall be debited by the amount of  each subsequent  disbursement to vendor(s) as 
contemplated by this CA.  To secure your obligations to us under the Agreement and this CA, you hereby grant to us a security interest in the contents of the Account 
and any proceeds.
4.  The Agreement contemplates a pro-rata adjustment to the payments owed by you under the Agreement in the event the purchase price of the Equipment and 
other amounts, if any, paid by us on your behalf are higher or lower than those on which the payments set forth in the Agreement are based. Following the delivery 
and acceptance of all items of Equipment set forth in the Agreement, we shall make any necessary adjustments to the payments as contemplated by the Agreement. 
You agree that we will have no liability to you in the event we determine to terminate the funding of any vendor because we have determined, in our sole discretion, 
that there has been a material adverse change in your creditworthiness from that on which we based our approval of the Agreement. In any circumstance 
contemplated by the preceding sentence, we will continue the Agreement with the Equipment accepted by you and funded by us as of the date we determine to 
terminate funding the Agreement and we will reduce the amount of each payment of rent or debt service you owe under the Agreement proportionally, taking into 
account the higher payments made by you up to the date of that determination and any balance in the Account shall revert to us.
5.  This CA sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to its subject matter and it may only be amended by a written instrument executed by you and 
us. In the event of a conflict between this CA and the terms of the Agreement, the terms of this CA shall govern and control, provided however, except as explicitly 
set forth in Section 4 above, nothing set forth in this CA shall be deemed to affect your obligation to pay and perform all of your obligations as set forth in the 
Agreement without setoff, abatement or counterclaim. This CA shall terminate and be of no further force and effect following your acceptance and our funding of the 
last item of Equipment being financed under the Agreement. This CA will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction governing the 
Agreement. 
You agree that a facsimile or other copy of this CA, as executed, shall be deemed the equivalent of the originally executed copy for all purposes.
CUSTOMER: SECURED PARTY: Ascentium Capital LLC
Signature: ##BusSign## By: ##AscSign##
Printed Name: Printed Name: Bryan Wheeler
Title: Title: Senior Vice President


371-20161010
DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE
Agreement No. ______
To: Ascentium Capital LLC
The undersigned hereby certifies: (i) that all of the property which is to be leased, financed or sold, as applicable, pursuant to the rental agreement, 
lease agreement, equipment finance agreement, note, security agreement, loan and security agreement, conditional sale agreement or similar 
document referenced above (which may be one or more schedules to a master agreement) (the “Agreement”) between Ascentium Capital LLC as 
payee, lessor, lender, secured party or seller and the undersigned as renter, lessee, debtor, buyer or other obligor (the “Equipment”), has been 
delivered  to, and received by, the undersigned, (ii) the Equipment conforms in all respects to that ordered by the undersigned, (iii) its condition is 
satisfactory in all respects to the undersigned and (iv) that the Equipment is accepted by the undersigned under the Agreement in all respects, and 
the undersigned hereby irrevocably directs Ascentium Capital LLC to pay the equipment suppliers the purchase price of the Equipment.
The undersigned agrees that a facsimile or other copy of this Delivery and Acceptance Certificate, as executed, shall be deemed the equivalent of 
the originally executed copy for all purposes.  By executing this Delivery and Acceptance Certificate the undersigned irrevocably acknowledges and 
agrees that the undersigned’s non-terminable installment payment and other obligations under the Agreement have commenced.  
  
CUSTOMER:  _________________________________________
Signature: ##BusSign##
Printed Name:
Title:
Date Signed: ##BusSignDate##


its1\ portant
Docum< CAPITALents
m
_____
000-000warn
March 5 2014Date
Debtor Name Example Docs LLC
Debtor Address 43 RD ST
Owatonna, MN 55060
Dear Valued Customer,
Balboa Capital is pleased to be working with you to earn your business and complete the equipment financing transaction. We strive to give you the 
best customer service possible, so please feel free to call your Account Executive with any questions you may have.
Enclosed you will find the necessary documents to complete your equipment financing. Please complete and sign the documents as indicated and return 
them by one of the following options:
Return documents via overnight mail to the following address
Balboa Capital Corporation 
Attn: Business Center 
2010 Main Street 11th Floor 
Irvine, CA 92614
Be sure to follow these simple instructions when signing the documents:
Please ensure the Company Resolution, if applicable, is signed by an officer or other authorized representative of your company other than the 
person signing the agreement.
2. Please do not cross out or make any changes on the documents without first discussing such changes with your Account Executive.
Enclosed Documents:
Equipment Financing Agreement 
ACH Agreement 
Company Resolution 
Disbursement Authorization
1.
Exhibit "A"
Request for Drivers License Copy 
Personal Guaranty 
EFA PG
Please forward the above documents with the following items:
> Tax ID Number: ______________________________
> Email Address: ___________________________________
> Mobile Number: ___________________________________
> Fax Number: ___________________________________
> Tax Exemption Certificate (If available)
> Copy of all invoices and cancelled checks
> Copy of current and valid driver's license for each of 
the lease signors and guarantors
$0.00Advance Payment(s): 
Loan Fee $0.00
$0.00Total Amount Due:
Please note that you will be invoiced for standard closing costs once your equipment financing transaction has been completed including applicable 
prorated rent and other expenses directly related to the completion of your equipment financing.
If you have any questions, please contact your Account Executive at Eric M. Bisson
Thank you for choosing Balboa Capital Corporation for your financing needs. Balboa is here to help you get the equipment you need to help 
your business grow.
at 949-553-3480
EFA337E

balboa
CAPITAL
EQUIPMENT FINANCING AGREEMENT (Page i of 2) 
Agreement # 000-000________________
Debtor Information
Business Name:
Example Docs LLC
Business Address:
43RD ST
Owatonna, MN 55060
Collateral Location:
(if different than billing address of Debtor)
Business Phone:
9495533480
Business Tax ID#:
Initial Payment
(Check For This Amount Must Accompany Agreement)Full Description Of Collateral Including Model, Serial Numbers: Equipment Cost:
$100,000.00
SECURITY DEPOSIT: $0.00 
FIRST PAYMENT: $1,909.98 
LAST PAYMENT: $1,919.98 
Loan Fee:
As delineated on Exhibit “A”, attached hereto and made a part hereof.
Initial Payment Date:Monthly Payment: $1,909.98 
Loan Term In Months: 60
$0.00
$0.00Total Amount Due:
TERMS OF EQUIPMENT FINANCING AGREEMENT
Debtor and Creditor agree as follows:
1. SECURITY INTEREST: Debtor hereby grants Creditor a security under the Uniform Commercial Code in the above property (collectively the “Collateral” and individually an “Item” or “Item of Collateral”). 
Such security interest is granted to secure performance by Debtor if its obligations thereunder and under any other present or future agreement with Creditor. Debtor shall insure that such security interest is and 
shall remain a sole first lien security interest. DEBTOR HEREBY AUTHORIZES CREDITOR TO FILE A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT AS A FINANCING STATEMENT AND APPOINTS 
CREDITOR OR ITS DESIGNEE AS DEBTOR’S ATTORNEY-IN-FACT TO EXECUTE AND FILE, ON DEBTOR’S BEHALF, FINANCING STATEMENTS COVERING THE COLLATERAL.
2. PAYMENTS: Debtor shall repay creditor the above Total of Payments in the number of monthly installments of the amount indicated above. The initial installment payment shall be deemed due as of the 
date indicated above and subsequent installment payments shall be due on the same day of each month thereafter until paid. A prorata portion of the installment payment based on a daily charge of one-thirtieth 
(1/30) of the installment payment calculated from the payment commencement date to the start of the base term shall be due and payable at the payment commencement date. All other amounts due thereunder 
shall be due upon Debtor’s Receipt of Creditor’s invoice therefor. Advance payments shall be applied to the last installment payments in reverse order until exhausted; provided that if there is a default, any 
payments under this agreement may be applied to Debtor’s obligations to Creditor in such order as Creditor chooses. 3. NO AGENCY. DEBTOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT NO SUPPLIER OF AN ITEM 
OR INTERMEDIARY NOR ANY AGENT OF EITHER THEREOF IS AN AGENT OF CREDITOR AND FURTHER THAT NONE OF SUCH PARTIES IS AUTHORIZED TO WAIVE OR ALTER ANY 
ITEM OR CONDITION OF THIS AGREEMENT. NO REPRESENTATION AS TO ANY MATTER BY ANY SUCH PARTY SHALL BIND CREDITOR OR AFFECT DEBTORS DUTY TO PAY THE 
INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS AND PERFORM ITS OTHER OBLIGATIONS THEREUNDER. 4. NON CANCELABLE AGREEMENT: PREPAYMENT, NO OFFSET, THIS AGREEMENT IS NON 
CANCELABLE BY DEBTOR FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER. DEBTOR MAY REPAY THE INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS ONLY IN ACCORDANCE HEREWITH. ALL PAYMENTS 
THEREUNDER ARE TO BE MADE WITHOUT OFFSET. 5. FINANCING. THIS AGREEMENT IS SOLELY A FINANCING AGREEMENT. SEE REVERSE SIDE FOR ADDITIONAL TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS WHICH ARE PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. CREDITOR MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR THAT THE EQUIPMENT IS FIT FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE OR THAT THE EQUIPMENT IS MERCHANTABLE. DEBTOR AGREES THAT DEBTOR HAS SELECTED THE SUPPLIER AND EACH ITEM OF EQUIPMENT BASED UPON 
DEBTOR’S OWN JUDGMENT AND DISCLAIMS ANY RELIANCE UPON ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY CREDITOR. CREDITOR DOES NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY 
FOR THE INSTALLATION OR PERFORMACE OF THE EQUIPMENT. THE SUPPLIER IS NOT AN AGENT OF CREDITOR’S AND NOTHING THE SUPPLIER STATES CAN AFFECT DEBTOR’S 
OBLIGATION UNDER THE AGREEMENT. DEBTOR WILL CONTINUE TO MAKE ALL PAYMENTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT REGARDLESS OF ANY CLAIM OR COMPLAINT AGAINST
SUPPLIER. This agreement is effective only upon execution by an authorized officer of Creditor following Debtor’s execution hereof, and upon execution Creditor shall fund the Equipment Cost/Advanced. 
Debtor hereby authorizes Creditor to Disburse the Equipment Cost/Advance as indicated on the attached Disbursement Authorization. Creditor reserves the right to pay the applicable portion of the Equipment 
Cost/Advance jointly to any party not specified in the preceding sentence with a security interest in an Item of Collateral. 6. LOCATION; INSPECTION; USE. Debtor shall keep, or, as to an Item which is 
movable, permanently garage and not remove from the United States, as appropriate, each Item of Collateral in Debtor’s possession and control at the Collateral Location or at such other location to which such 
Item may have been moved with the prior written consent of Creditor, Upon request, Debtor shall advise Creditor as to the exact location of an Item of Collateral. Creditor may inspect the Collateral during 
normal business hours and enter the premises where the Collateral may be located for such purposes. Each Item shall be used solely for commercial or business purposes and operated in a careful and proper 
manner an in compliance with all applicable governmental requirements, all requirements of insurance policies carried hereunder and all manufacturer’s instructions and warranty requirements.
7. ALTERATIONS; SECURITY INTEREST COVERAGE. Without Creditor’s prior written consent, Debtor shall not make any alterations, additions or improvements to an Item of Collateral which detract 
from its economic value or fimctional utility. All additions and improvements made to an Item shall be deemed accessions thereto, and shall not be removed if removal would impair the Item's economic value 
or fimctional utility. Creditor's security interest shall cover all modifications, accessions, additions to and replacements and substitutions for the Collateral. Debtor will not make any replacements or 
substitutions without Creditor's prior written consent. 8. MAINTENANCE. Debtor shall maintain the Collateral in good repair, condition and working order. Debtor shall cause all repairs required to maintain 
the Collateral in such condition to be made promptly by qualified parties. Debtor will cause each Item of Collateral for which a service contract is generally available to be covered by such a contract which 
provides coverage typical as to property of the type involved and is issued by a competent servicing entity. 9. LOSS AND DAMAGE; CASUALTY VALUE. In the event of loss, theft, destruction or 
requisition of or damage to an Item of Collateral from any cause Debtor shall give Creditor prompt notice thereof and shall thereafter place the Item in good repair, condition and working order; provided, 
however, that if such Item is determined by Creditor to be lost, stolen, destroyed or damaged beyond repair or is requisitioned or suffers a constructive total loss under an insurance policy carried hereunder 
Debtor shall cause the Equipment to be replaced and shall immediately provide Creditor with information necessary to perfect Creditor’s security interest in the replacement Equipment, or shall pay Creditor the 
"Casualty Value" of such Item which shall equal (a) any amounts due at the time of such payment, and (b) each fiiture installment payment due with respect to such Item discounted at three percent (3%) per 
annum simple interest from the date due to the date of such payment. 10. PAYMENT OF FINANCING AGREEMENT OBLIGATIONS: Payment of the Financing Agreement Obligation shall be made by 
electronically withdrawing funds from the bank account on which Debtors deposit check was drawn, or any other account from which Debtor paid any obligation under this Agreement. Debtor authorizes 
Creditor to debit from this account on which Debtors deposit check was drawn, or any other account from which Debtor paid any obligation under this Agreement on or after the due date of Debtors monthly 
installment, for scheduled Financing Agreement Payments or other amounts due and owing at the time under the Financing Agreement. Debtor acknowledges that, if Creditor assigns the Financing Agreement 
to a third party, the assignee is authorized to debit the account on which Debtors deposit check was drawn, or any other account from which Debtor paid any obligation under this Agreement. If Debtor would 
prefer to authorize Creditor to debit another account, fill in the blanks provided below along with a copy of a voided check from the specified account. However, Debtor agrees that Creditor, or its assignees, has 
the right, but not the obligation, to electronically withdraw funds from the bank account on which Debtor’s deposit check was drawn, the account specified below, or any other account from which Debtor paid 
any obligation under this Agreement to pay for any unpaid Financing Agreement Payment or other amounts due and owing at the time under this Agreement.
Account Number: ABA / Routing Number:
Financial Institution Name: Initials
SEE REVERSE SIDE FOR ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS WHICH ARE PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.
(CREDITOR)
BALBOA CAPITAL CORPORATION 
2010 Main Street 
ll,b Floor 
Irvine, Ca 92614
(DEBTOR) 
Example Docs LLC
43RD ST
Owatonna, MN 55060
By:
Vice President Name: John Johnson 
Title: Managing Member
Date 03/05/14Date Home Phone
EFA244C

11. TITLING. If requested by Creditor, Debtor shall cause an Item of Collateral subject to title 
registration laws to be titled as directed by Creditor. Debtor shall advise Creditor promptly as to 
any necessary re-titling. Debtor shall cause all documents of title to be furnished Creditor within 
sixty (60) days of the date of any titling effected by Debtor.
12. TAXES. Debtor agree to pay when due all taxes (including personal property tax, fines and 
penalties) and fees relating to this Agreement or the Equipment. If Creditor pays any of the above 
for Debtor, Debtor agrees to reimburse Creditor and to pay Creditor a processing fee for each 
payment Creditor makes on Debtors behalf. In addition, Debtor also agrees to pay Creditor any 
filing fees prescribed by the Uniform Commercial Code or other law and reimburse Creditor for 
all costs and expenses involved in documenting and servicing this transaction. Debtor further 
agrees to pay Creditor an origination fee on or before the date the first payment is due. Debtor 
also acknowledges that in addition to the lease payments, Creditor may assess and Debtor may be 
required to pay additional taxes and/or fees. Such fees may not only cover Creditors costs they 
may also include a profit.
13. INSURANCE. Debtor agrees to maintain, at Debtor’s expense, “Special Form” property 
insurance protecting the Equipment for its full replacement value, naming Creditor as a loss 
payee on a “Lender’s Loss Payable” endorsement; and public liability insurance, in amounts 
acceptable to Creditor, naming Creditor as an additional insured (together “Required Insurance”). 
Debtor must provide Creditor satisfactory written evidence of Required Insurance within thirty 
(30) days of the commencement date of this Equipment Finance Agreement or of any subsequent 
written request. If Debtor does not do so. Creditor may obtain insurance from an insurer of 
Creditor’s choosing in such forms and amounts as Creditor selects (“Insurance”). Insurance 
covers the Equipment and Creditor only and not Debtor. Debtor shall pay Creditor periodic 
charges for Insurance (“Insurance Charges”) that include: a premium that may be higher than if 
Debtor maintained Required Insurance separately; a finance charge of up to the implicit rate of 
the Equipment Finance Agreement on any premium advances made by Creditor or Creditors 
agents; and billing and processing fees; each of which may generate a profit to Creditor and 
Creditor agents. If Debtor fails to pay billed Insurance Charges within 30 days of their due date. 
Creditor may pay them by applying funds paid under the Equipment Finance Agreement or 
debiting Debtor’s account under any previously authorized automatic payment. Debtor agrees to 
arbitrate any dispute with Creditor or Creditor agents regarding Insurance or Insurance Charges 
under the rules of the American Arbitration Association in Los Angeles, California; provided 
however, such agreement does not authorize class action arbitration. At Creditor’s election, in 
lieu of obtaining or continuing Insurance, Creditor may require Debtor to pay a monthly 
additional fee up to 2% of the Equipment Cost. This fee is not calculated with reference to 
additional risk and constitutes additional profit for Creditor, but represents the basis on which 
Creditor is willing to forbear from exercising remedies and continue this Agreement without 
Required Insurance. Debtor will receive no insurance coverage and will not be released from any 
obligations. Creditor is not selling insurance. Creditor will cease charging the additional fee or 
billing for Insurance 30 days after Debtor provides satisfactory proof of Required Insurance and 
compliance with this section.
14. CREDITOR'S PAYMENT. If Debtor fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder, 
Creditor may perform such obligation, and Debtor shall (a) reimburse Creditor the cost of such 
performance and (b) pay creditor the service charge contemplated in paragraph 21.
15. INDEMNITY. Debtor shall indemnify, defend and hold Creditor harmless against any 
claim, action, liability or expense, including attorneys’ fees and court costs, incurred by Creditor 
related to this agreement. While it is not anticipated that Creditor shall have any liability for torts 
related to the Collateral, this indemnity covers tort proceedings including any strict liability 
claim, any claim under another theory related to latent or other defects and any patent, trademark 
or service mark infringement claim.
16. DEFAULT. Any of the following constitutes an event of default hereunder: (a) Debtor’s 
failure to pay any amount hereunder, within three (3) business days of when due; (b) Debtor’s 
default in performing any other obligation hereunder or under any agreement between Debtor and 
Creditor; (c) death or judicial declaration of competency of Debtor, if an individual; (d) the filing 
by or against Debtor of a petition under the Bankruptcy Code or under any other insolvency law 
or law providing for the relief of debtors, including, without limitation, a petition for 
reorganization, agreement or extension; (e) the making of an assignment of a substantial portion 
of its assets by Debtor for the benefit of creditors, appointment of a receiver or trustee for Debtor 
or for any Debtor’s assets, institution by or against Debtor of any other type of insolvency 
proceeding or other proceeding contemplating settlement claims against or winding up of the 
affairs of Debtor, Debtor’s cessation of active business affairs or the making by Debtor of a 
transfer of a material portion of Debtor’s assets or inventoiy not in the ordinary course of 
business; (f) the occurrence of an event described in (c), (d), or (e) s to a guarantor of other 
surety of Debtor’s obligations hereunder, (g) any misrepresentation of a material fact in 
connection herewith by or on behalf of Debtor; (h) Debtor’s default under a lease or agreement 
providing financial accommodation with a third party or (i) creditor shall in good faith deem itself 
insecure as a result of a material adverse change in Debtor’s financial condition or otherwise.
17. REMEDIES. Upon the occurrence of an event of default Creditor shall have the right, 
options, duties and remedies of a secured party, and Debtor shall have the rights and duties of a 
Debtor, under the Uniform Commercial Code (regardless of whether such Code or a law similar 
thereto has been enacted in a jurisdiction wherein the rights or remedies are asserted) and in 
connection therewith Creditor may: (a) declare the Casualty Value or such lesser amount as may 
be set by law immediately due and payable with respect to any or all Items of Collateral without 
notice or demand to Debtor; (b) take possession of and, if deemed appropriate, render unusable 
any or all Items of Collateral, without demand or notice, wherever located, without any process of 
law and without liability for any damages occasioned by such taking of possession including 
damages to contents; (c) require Debtor to assemble any or all Items of Collateral at a location in 
reasonable proximity to their designated location hereunder, (d) upon notice to Debtor required 
by law, sell or otherwise dispose of any Items of Collateral, whether or not in Creditor’s 
possession, in a commercially reasonable manner at public or private sale and apply the net 
proceeds of such sale after deducting all costs of such sale, including, but not limited to, costs of 
transportation, repossession, storage, refurbishing, advertising and brokers fees, to the obligations 
of Debtor hereunder with Debtor remaining liable for any deficiency and with any excess being 
returned to Debtor or (e) utilize any other remedy available under the Uniform Commercial code 
or otherwise to Creditor.
All remedies are cumulative. Any sale may be adjourned by announcement at the time and place 
appointed for such sale without further published notice, and Creditor may if permitted by law
Equipment Financing Agreement # 000-000____________
bid and become the purchaser at any such sale.
18. LITIGATION EXPENSES. Debtor shall pay Creditor its costs and expenses not offset as 
provided in paragraph 17, including repossession and attorneys' fees and court costs, incurred by 
Creditor in enforcing this agreement. This obligation includes the payment of such amounts whether 
an action is filed and whether an action which is filed is dismissed.
19. ASSIGNMENT. Without the prior written consent of Creditor, Debtor shall not sell, lease 
or create or allow any lien other than Creditor’s security interest against an Item of Collateral or 
assign any of Debtor's obligations hereunder. Debtor's obligations are not assignable by 
operation of law. Consent to any of the foregoing applies only in the given instance.
Creditor may assign, pledge or otherwise transfer any of its rights but none of its obligations 
hereunder without notice to Debtor. If Debtor is given notice of any such assignment. Debtor 
shall acknowledge receipt thereof in writing and shall thereafter pay any amounts due hereunder 
as directed in the notice. The rights of an assignee to amounts due hereunder shall be free of 
any claim or defense Debtor may have against Creditor, and Debtor agrees not to assert against 
an assignee any claim or defense which Debtor may have against Creditor.
Subject to the foregoing, this agreement inures to the benefit of, and is binding upon, the heirs, 
legatees, personal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties.
20. MARKINGS; PERSONAL PROPERTY. Debtor shall mark the Collateral or its location 
as requested by Creditor to indicate Creditor's security interest. As between the parties the 
Collateral shall at all times be deemed personal. Debtor will provide Creditor any real property 
waivers requested by Creditor as to the real property where an Item of Collateral is or is to be 
located.
21. LATE PAYMENT. If Debtor fails to pay any amount to be paid hereunder within Three 
(3) days of when due, Debtor agree to pay us (a) eighteen percent (18%) of each such late payment (to 
the extent permitted by law) (b) amounts Creditor pays others in connection with the collection of 
the payment and (c) interest on such unpaid amount from the date due until paid at the lesser of 
eighteen percent (18%) per annum or the highest rate permitted by applicable law. No more 
than a single charge under subparagraph (a) will be due in any given month.
22. SECURITY INTEREST RELEASE. At such time as there is no outstanding obligation 
secured hereby (including obligations under other agreements contemplated under paragraph 1) 
Creditor shall provide Debtor such termination statements related to the Collateral as Debtor 
shall reasonably request. Debtor shall be responsible for the filing of each such termination 
statement.
23. ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS. Debtor shall provide to Creditor such financing 
statements and similar documents as Creditor shall request. Debtor authorizes Creditor where 
permitted by law to make filings of such documents without Debtor's signature. Debtor further 
shall furnish Creditor (a) a fiscal year end financial statement including balance sheet and profit 
and loss statement within one hundred twenty (120) days of the close of each fiscal year and (b) 
such other information and documents not specifically mentioned herein relative to this 
agreement as Creditor may request. Debtor shall reimburse Creditor for all search and filing 
fees incurred by Creditor related hereto.
24. NOTICES. Notices shall be in writing, and sufficient if mailed to the party involved. 
United States mail first class postage prepaid, at its respective address set forth above or at such 
other address as such party may provide on notice in accordance herewith. Notice so given 
shall be effective when mailed. Debtor shall promptly notify Creditor of any change in Debtor's 
address.
25. GENERAL. This agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties as to the subject 
matter and shall not be amended, altered or changed except by a written agreement signed by 
the parties. Any waiver by Creditor must be in writing, and forbearance shall not Constitute a 
waiver. Whenever the context of this agreement requires, the neuter includes the masculine or 
feminine and the singular includes the plural. If there is more than one Debtor named in this 
agreement, the liability of each shall be joint and several. The titles to the paragraphs of this 
agreement are solely for the convenience of the parties and are not an aid in the interpretation. 
This agreement shall be governed by the law of the State of California. Venue for any action 
related to this agreement shall be in an appropriate court in Orange County, California or the 
home county and state of anyone holding Creditor’s interest as it may be assigned from time to 
time, to which Debtor consents, or in an appropriate court in another jurisdiction selected by 
Creditor which has jurisdiction over the parties. Any provision declared invalid shall be 
deemed severable from the remaining provisions which shall remain in full force and effect. 
Time is of the essence of this agreement. The obligations of Debtor shall survive the release of 
the security interest in the Collateral.
26. DEBTOR'S WARRANTIES. DEBTOR CERTIFIES AND WARRANTS:(a) THE 
FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION WHICH DEBTOR HAS SUBMITTED, OR 
WILL SUBMIT, TO CREDITOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT IS, OR 
SHALL BE AT TIME OF SUBMISSION, TRUE AND COMPLETE; (b) THIS AGREEMENT 
HAS BEEN DULY AUTHORIZED BY DEBTOR AND UPON EXECUTION BY DEBTOR 
SHALL CONSTITUTE THE LEGAL, VALID AND BINDING OBLIGATION, CONTRACT 
AND AGREEMENT OF DEBTOR ENFORCEABLE AGAINST DEBTOR IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ITS TERMS; AND (c) EACH SHOWING PROVIDED BY DEBTOR 
IN CONNECTION HEREWITH MAY BE FULLY RELIED UPON BY CREDITOR 
NONWITHSTANDING ANY TECHNICAL DEFICIENCY IN ATTESTATION OR 
OTHERWISE. THE PERSON EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF 
DEBTOR WARRANTS THAT PERSON'S DUE AUTHORITY TO DO SO. DEBTOR 
FURTHER WARRANTS THAT EACH ITEM OF COLLATERAL SHALL AT THE TIME 
CREDITOR FUNDS THE TOTAL ADVANCE BE OWNED BY DEBTOR FREE AND 
CLEAR OF LIENS OR ENCUMBRANCES AND BE IN GOOD CONDITION AND 
WORKING ORDER.
27. Counterparts and Facsimile Signatures. If this Agreement was sent electronically, Debtor 
hereby warrants that this Agreement has not been altered in any way. Any alteration or 
revision to any part of this Agreement or any attached documents will make all alterations or 
revisions non-binding and void. Only one counterpart of this Agreement and of each 
Schedule, Addenda, or Exhibit attached hereto shall bear our ink signed signature and shall 
be marked "Original". To the extent that any Equipment Financing Agreement, Schedule, 
Addenda or Exhibit hereto constitute chattel paper (as that term is defined by the Uniform 
Commercial Code), a security interest may only be created in this Agreement, Schedule, 
Addenda or Exhibit that bears our ink signed signature and is marked "Original".
INITIAL.
EFA244C
Page 2 of 2

^Balboa
CAPITAL
DISBURSEMENT AUTHORIZATION
TO: Balboa Capital Corporation
The undersigned hereby certifies that all the property described below (the "Equipment"), which is to be financed for the 
undersigned pursuant to the Equipment Financing Agreement No. 000-000 
"Agreement") between Balboa Capital Corporation and the undersigned, as Debtor, has been furnished to the 
undersigned, that delivery and installation has been fully completed and that the Equipment is acceptable in all respects to 
the undersigned.
dated as of ., (the
In view of the above, the undersigned hereby authorizes and requests you to pay for the Equipment in accordance with the 
terms of any purchase orders the undersigned may have issued for the same and/or to pay the undersigned the advance 
amount to the extent the undersigned has previously paid for the Equipment, as appropriate. The undersigned 
acknowledges that you are relying upon this executed Delivery and Acceptance Certificate in so doing. Debtor hereby 
authorizes Creditor to disburse the Total Advance as follows:
Payee Name 
Example Vendor
Amount
$100,000.00
$100,000.00Total Amount to be Disbursed
EQUIPMENT - SEE EXHIBIT "A" ATTACHED HERETO AND MADE A PART HEREOF.
The undersigned recognizes that by executing this Delivery and Acceptance Certificate the undersigned’s non-terminable 
installment payment obligation under the Agreement will commence. The undersigned reaffirms its understanding that 
the Agreement is solely a financing agreement and that, accordingly, you have made no express warranties as to the 
Equipment of any other matter and that there are no related implied warranties created by law and further that, 
accordingly, the undersigned's obligation to pay amounts due under the Agreement will not be affected by any problems 
the undersigned experiences with the Equipment or any similar or dissimilar occurrence as also set forth in the 
Agreement.
Date Equipment accepted by Debtor (“Acceptance Date”) 
______________________________________(Date)
I hereby authorize_____________________________
subject to Equipment Finance Agreement # 000-000
to orally verify my/our acceptance of the equipment 
in my absence
"Delivery of this document bearing a facsimile signature or signatures shall have the same force and effect as if the document
bore an original signature."
Debtor Name: Example Docs LLC
By:
Name: John Johnson 
Title: Managing Member
Date: 03/05/14
EFA302

Balboa
CAPITAL
EXHIBIT ’A’
EQUIPMENT DESCRIPTION
The following invoice(s) are referenced, and hereby incorporated, for the purpose of describing the equipment subject to Equipment Financing Agreement (“Agreement”) 
. By signing below, I, the debtor, acknowledge that I choose to finance the equipment listed on the invoice(s) per the payment schedule 
and the terms and conditions set out in the agreement, which is the governing document to this equipment financing regardless of the price and terms (if any) indicated on 
the invoice(s).
Number 000-000
EQUIPMENT DESCRIPTION INVOICE# INVOICE
DATE
VENDOR NAME
Equipment Financing Agreement Number 000-000 
Debtor Name Example Docs LLC_______________
By:
Name: John Johnson 
Title: Managing Member
Date: 03/05/14
Page 1 of__1
"Delivery of this document bearing a facsimile signature or signatures shall have the same force and effect as if the document bore an original signature."
EFA248B

(gl balboa
CAPITAL
COPY OF DRIVERS LICENSE
Equipment Financing Agreement Number: 000-000 
Debtor Name: Example Docs LLC
Please include a copy of your driver’s license; with picture and signature, or another form of photo 
identification with signature.
Please provide a copy from the following individuals:
Signor John Johnson
PG 1 John Johnson
PG2 Jane Johnson
PG 3
PG4
Place copy of Driver’s License(s) below:
EFA338

^Balboa
CAPITAL
PERSONAL GUARANTY
Equipment Financing Agreement # 000-000
THIS PERSONAL GUARANTY CREATES SPECIFIC LEGAL OBLIGATIONS. When we use the words you 
and your in this Personal Guaranty, we mean the Personal Guarantor (s) indicated below. When we use the words 
we, us and our in this Personal Guaranty, we mean BALBOA CAPITAL CORPORATION, its successors and 
assigns.
In consideration of our entering into the equipment financing agreement above (“EFA”), you unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantee to us, our successors and assigns, the prompt payment and performance of any and all obligations 
of the Customer (“Debtor”) under the EFA and any other financial transaction of any kind whatsoever, whether now 
existing or hereafter arising with us. You agree that this is a guaranty of payment and not of collection, and that we can 
proceed directly against you without first proceeding against the Debtor or against the Equipment covered by the EFA 
or against any collateral or security held by us. You waive all defenses and notices, including those of protest, 
presentment and demand. You agree that we can renew, extend or otherwise modify the terms of the EFA and you will 
be bound by such changes. If the Debtor defaults under the EFA, you will immediately perform all obligations of the 
Debtor under the EFA, including, but not limited to, paying all amounts due under the EFA. You will pay to us all 
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by us in enforcing our rights against you or the Debtor. This is a 
continuing guaranty that will not be discharged or affected by your death and will bind your heirs and personal 
representatives. You waive any rights to seek repayment from the Debtor in the event you pay us. If more than one 
personal guarantor has signed this Personal Guaranty, each of you agree that your liability is joint and several. You 
authorize us or any of our affiliates to obtain credit bureau reports regarding your personal credit, and make other credit 
inquiries that we determine are necessary.
THIS PERSONAL GUARANTY IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. YOU 
CONSENT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COUNTY OF ORANGE IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. 
YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.
MDelivery of this document bearing a facsimile signature or signatures shall have the same force and effect as if the
document bore an original signature/1
03/05/14John Johnson
Name Date
S. Oak Ave
Owatonna, MN 55060
Home Street Address, City, State, Zip Code
111111111
Social Security Number Phone Number
EFA251

Balboa
CAPITAL
PERSONAL GUARANTY
Equipment Financing Agreement # 000-000
THIS PERSONAL GUARANTY CREATES SPECIFIC LEGAL OBLIGATIONS. When we use the words you 
and your in this Personal Guaranty, we mean the Personal Guarantor (s) indicated below. When we use the words 
we, us and our in this Personal Guaranty, we mean BALBOA CAPITAL CORPORATION, its successors and 
assigns.
In consideration of our entering into the equipment financing agreement above (“EFA”), you unconditionally and 5E 
irrevocably guarantee to us, our successors and assigns, the prompt payment and performance of any and all obligations 
of the Customer (“Debtor”) under the EFA and any other financial transaction of any kind whatsoever, whether now 
existing or hereafter arising with us. You agree that this is a guaranty of payment and not of collection, and that we can 
proceed directly against you without first proceeding against the Debtor or against the Equipment covered by the EFA 
or against any collateral or security held by us. You waive all defenses and notices, including those of protest, 
presentment and demand. You agree that we can renew, extend or otherwise modify the terms of the EFA and you will 
be bound by such changes. If the Debtor defaults under the EFA, you will immediately perform all obligations of the 
Debtor under the EFA, including, but not limited to, paying all amounts due under the EFA. You will pay to us all 
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by us in enforcing our rights against you or the Debtor. This is a 
continuing guaranty that will not be discharged or affected by your death and will bind your heirs and personal 
representatives. You waive any rights to seek repayment from the Debtor in the event you pay us. If more than one 
personal guarantor has signed this Personal Guaranty, each of you agree that your liability is joint and several. You 
authorize us or any of our affiliates to obtain credit bureau reports regarding your personal credit, and make other credit 
inquiries that we determine are necessary.
THIS PERSONAL GUARANTY IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. YOU 
CONSENT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COUNTY OF ORANGE IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. 
YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.
"Delivery of this document bearing a facsimile signature or signatures shall have the same force and effect as if the
document bore an original signature."
03/05/14Jane Johnson
Name Date
S. Oak Ave
Owatonna, MN 55060
Home Street Address, City, State, Zip Code
111111111
Social Security Number Phone Number
EFA251

U.S.
 Small
 Business
 Administration
NOTE
SBA
 Loan
 #
SBA
 Loan
 Name
DateLoan
 Amount
Interest
 Rate
BorrowerOperating
 Company
Lender1. 
PROMISE
 TO
 PAY:
In retum
 for
 the
 Loan.
 Borrower
 promises
 to pay
 to the
 order
 of
 Lender
 foe
 amount
 &
____________
 
Do
 tiara,
 interest
 on
 foe
 unpaid
 principal
 balance,
 and
 all
 other
amounts
 required
 by
 this
 Note.
2. 
DEFINITIONS:"Collateral"
 means
 any
 property
 taken
 as security
 for
 payment
 of
 this
 Note
 or any
 guarantee
 of
 this
 Nets.
 
“Guarantor'
 means
 each
 person
 or
 entity
 that
 signs
 a guarantee
 of
 payment
 of
 this
 Note.
"Loan"
 means
 the
 loin
 evidenced
 by
 this
 Note.
"Loan
 Documents"
 means
 the
 documents
 related
 to this
 loan
 signed
 by
 Borrower,
 any
 Guarantor,
 or
 anyone
 
who
 pledges
 collateral.
"SBA"
 means
 the
 Small
 Business
 Administration,
 an
 Agency
 of
 the
 United
 States
 of
 America.
Pace
 1/7
SBA
 fern
 147
 (06/&3102)
 Previous
 aditioM
 obsolete

3.
 
PAYMENT
 TERMS:
Sfiffowgf
 jmat
 make
 all
 payments
 at the
 place
 Lender
 designates.
 The
 payment
 terms
 for
 this
 Note
are:
The
 interest
 rate
 on
 this
 Mote
 will
 fluctuate.
 The
 initial
 interest
 rate
 is 6.00%
 per
 year.
 Tins
 initial
 rate
 is 
the
 prime
 rate
 in effect
 on
 the
 first
 business
 day
 of
 the
 month
 in which
 SBA
 received
 the
 loan
 application,
 
phu
 2,75%.
 The
 initial
 interest
 rate
 must
 remain
 in effect
 until
 the
 first
 change
 period
 begins
 unless
 reduced
 
in accordance
 with
 SOP
 50
 10,
Borrower
 must
 pay
 a total
 of
 2 payments
 of
 interest
 only
 on
 the
 disbursed
 principal
 balance
 beginning
 oik
 
month
 from
 the
 month
 this
 Note
 is dated
 and
 every
 month
 thereafter,
 payments
 must
 be
 made
 on
 the
 first
 
calendar
 day
 in the
 months
 they
 are
 due.
Borrower
 must
 pay
 principal
 and
 interest
 payments
 oi 
the
 month
 this
 Note
 is dated;
 payments
 must
 be
 made
 on
 the
 first
 calendar
 day
 in
 the
 months
 they
 are
 due.
Lender
 will
 apply
 each
 installment
 payment
 first
 to pay
 interest
 accrued
 to the
 day
 Lender
 receives
 the
 
payment,
 then
 to bring
 principal
 current,
 then
 to pay
 any
 late
 fees,
 and
 will
 apply
 any
 remaining
 balance
 to 
reduce
 principal
every
 month,
 beginning
 three
 months
 from
Lender
 and
 Borrower
 may
 agree
 to
 pay
 an
 additional
 amount
 into
 an
 escrow
 account
 for
 payment
 of
 real
 
estate
 taxes
 and
 required
 insurance
 related
 to commercial
 real
 estate
 securing
 foe
 loan.
 Any
 such
 account
 
must
 comply
 with
 SOP
 SO
 10,
The
 interest
 rate
 will
 bo
 adjusted
 every
 calendar
 quarter
 (foe
 "change
 period").
The
 "Prime
 Rate"
 is foe
 prime
 rate
 in effect
 on
 the
 first
 business
 day
 of
 the
 month
 (as
 published
 in
 a national
 
financial
 newspaper
 or
 website)
 in which
 SBA
 received
 the
 application,
 or
 any
 interest
 rate
 change
 occurs.
 
Base
 Rates
 will
 be
 rounded
 to two
 decimal
 places
 with
 .004
 being
 rounded
 down
 and
 .005
 being
 rounded
 up.
The
 adjusted
 interest
 rate
 will
 be
 2.75%
 above
 the
 Prime
 Rate,
 Lender
 will
 adjust
 foe
 interest
 rate
 on
 foe
 
first
 calendar
 day
 of
 each
 change
 period.
 The
 change
 in interest
 rate
 is effective
 on
 that
 day
 whether
 or not
 
Lender
 gives
 Borrower
 notice
 of
 foe
 change.
The
 spread
 as identified
 in the
 Note
 may
 not
 be
 changed
 during
 (he
 life
 of
 the
 Loan
 wifoout
 the
 written
 
agreement
 of
 the
 Borrower.
For
 variable
 rate
 loans,
 the
 interest
 rate
 adjustment
 period
 may
 not
 be
 changed
 without
 foe
 written
 consent
 of
 
foe
 Borrower.
Lender
 must
 adjust
 the
 payment
 amount
 at least
 annually
 as needed
 to amortize
 principal
 over
 the
 remaining
 
term
 of
 the
 note.
If
 SBA
 purchases
 the
 guaranteed
 portion
 of
 the
 unpaid
 principal
 balance,
 the
 interest
 rate
 becomes
 fixed
 at 
the
 rate
 in effect
 at the
 time
 of
 the
 earliest
 uncured
 payment
 default
 If there
 is no
 uncured
 payment
 default,
 
the
 rate
 becomes
 fixed
 at the
 rate
 in effect
 at foe
 time
 of
 purchase.
SBA
 Form
 147
 (06A)3A)2)
 Previous
 editions
 obsolete
Page
 2/7

LOAN PREPAYMENT:
Notwithstanding my provision in this Note to die contrsiy:
Borrower may prepay (his Note. Borrower may prepay 20 percent or less of the unpaid principal balance at 
any time without notice. If Borrower prepays more than 20 percent and the Loan has been sold on the 
secondary marled. Borrower must:
Give Lender written notice;
Pay all accrued interest; and
If the prepayment is received leas than 21 days from die date Lender receives the notice, 
pay an amount equal to 21 days' interest from the date lender receives the notice, less any 
interest accrued during die 21 days and paid under subparagraph b., above.
a.
b.
e.
If Borrower does not prepay within 30 days from the date Lender receives the notice, Borrower must 
give Lender a new notice.
Subsidy Recoupment Fee. When in any one of the first three years from the date of initial disbursement 
Borrower voluntarily prepays more than 25% of the outstanding principal balance of the loan. Borrower must 
pay to Lender on behalf of SBA a prepayment fee for that year as follows;
During the first year after the date on which the loan is first disbursed, 5% of the total prepayment 
amount;
a.
During the second year after die date on which the loan is first disbursed, 3% of the total 
prepayment amount; and
b.
During the third year after the date on which the loan is first disbursed, 1% of the total prepayment 
amount.
c.
All remaining principal and accrued interest is due and payable 25 years and 2 months from the date of this 
Note.
Late Charge: If a payment on this Note is mere than 10 days late, Lender may charge Borrower a late fee of 
up to 5% of the unpaid portion of the regularly scheduled payment.
SBA Form 147 (06AKJ/02) Previoui edition! obsoletePageS/;

4. DEFAULT:
Borrower is in default under this Note if Borrower does not make a payment when due under this Note, or 
if Borrower or Operating Company:
A.Fails to do anything required by this Note and other Loan Documents;
Defaults on any other loan with Lender,
Does not preserve, or account to Lender’s satisfaction for, any of the Collateral or its proceeds; 
Does not disclose, or anyone acting on their behalf does not disclose, any material fact to Lender 
Or SBA;
Makes, or anyone acting on their behalf makes, a materially false or misleading representation to 
Lender or SBA;
Defaults on any loan or agreement with another creditor, if Lender believes the default may 
materially affect Borrower'a ability to pay this Note;
Fails to pay any taxes when due;
Becomes the subject of a proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law;
Has a receiver or liquidator appointed for any part of their business or property;
Makes an issignment for the benefit of creditors;
Has any advene change in financial condition or business operation that Lender believes may 
materially affect Borrower’s ability to pay this Note;
Reorganises, merges, consolidates, or otherwise changes ownership or business structure without 
Lender’s prior written consent; or
Becomes the subject of a civil or criminal action that Lender believes may materially affect 
Borrower’s ability to pay this Note.
B.
C.
D.
E.
F.
G.
H.
I.
J.
K.
L,
M.
S. LENDER’S RIGHTS IF THERE IS A DEFAULT:
Without notice or demand and without giving up any of its rights, Lender may:
Require immediate payment of all amounts owing under this Note;
Collect all amounts owing from any Borrower or Guarantor;
File suit and obtain judgment;
Take possession of any Collateral; or
Sell, lease, or otherwise dispose of, any Collateral at public or private sale, with or without 
advertisement
A.
B.
C
D.
E.
6. LENDER’S GENERAL POWERS:
Without notice and without Borrower’s consent. Lender may:
Bid on or buy the Collateral at its sale or the sale of another lienholder, at any pice it chooses; 
Incur expenses to collect amounts due under this Note, enforce the terms of this Note or any other 
Loan Document, and preserve or dispose of foe Collateral. Among other things, the expenses may 
include payments for property taxes, prior liras, insurance, appraisals, environmental remediation 
costs, and reasonable attorney’s fees and costs. If Lender incurs such expenses, it may demand 
immediate repayment from Borrower or add the expenses to foe principal balance;
Release anyone obligated to pay this Note;
A.
B.
C,
SBA Farm 147 (0603/02) Previous editions obsoletePage 4/1

D.Compromise, release, renew, extend or substitute any of the Collateral; and
Take any action necessary to protect the Collateral or collect amounts owing on this Note. £.
7. WHEN FEDERAL LAW APPLIES:
When SBA is the holder, tins Note will be interpreted and enforced under federal law, including SBA 
regulations. Lender or SBA may use state or local procedures for filing papers, recording documents, giving 
notice, foreclosing liens and other purposes. By using such procedures, SBA does not waive any federal 
immunity from state or local control, penalty, tax, or liability. As to this Note, Borrower may not claim 
or assert against SBA any local or state law to deny any obligation, defeat any claim of SBA, or preempt 
federal law.
8. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS:
Under tiiti Note, Borrower and Operating Company include the successors of each, and Lender includes its 
successors and assigns.
9. GENERAL PROVISIONS:
All individuals and entities signing this Note are jointly and severally liable.
Borrower waives all suretyship defenses.
Borrower must sign all documents necessary at any time to comply with the Loan Documents end 
to enable Lender to acquire, perfect, or maintain Leader's liens on Collateral.
Lender may exercise any of its rights separately or together, as many times and in any order it 
chooses. Lender may delay or forgo enforcing any of its rights without giving up any of them. 
Borrower may not use an oral statement of Lender or SBA to contradict or alter tire written terms 
of this Note.
If any part of this Note is unenforceable, all other parts remain in effect 
To the extent allowed by law. Borrower waives all demands and notices in connection with this 
Note, including presentment, demand, protest, and notice of dishonor. Borrower alto waives any 
defenses based upon any claim that Lender did not obtain any guarantee; did not obtain, perfect, 
or maintain a lien upon Collateral; impaired Collateral; or did not obtain the fair market value cf 
Collateral at a sale.
A.
B.
C.
D.
E.
F.
G.
SBA Form 147 ((Xi/QJ/02) Previous edltkms obsoletePage S/7

10.
 
STATE
 - SPECIFIC
 PROVISIONS:
None.
SBA
 Fnnn
 147
 (06/03702)
 Previous
 editions
 obsolete
Figs
 6/7

11.
 
BORROWER
’S NAME(S)
 AND
 SIGNATURE(S):
By
 signing
 below,
 each
 individual
 or
 entity
 becomes
 obligated
 under
 this
 Note
 as Borrower,
SBA
 Form
 147
 (06/03/02)
 Previous
 edition
 obsolete
Page
 in

EXHIBIT J

Park Inn Rules and Regulations 
Table of Contents (2/20/2025) 
 
000 Preface & Introduction 
100.00 Rules of Operation  
110.00 Guest Facilities 
120.00 Hotel Services 
130.00 Guest Service Programs & Standards 
140.00 Marketing Programs 
150.00 Guest Amenities and Supplies 
160.00 Training 
170.00 Hotel Technology & Reservation Standards 
180.00 Reviews/Compliance 
190.00 Safety, Security, & Risk Control 
200.00 Food and Beverage Operations 
300.00 Construction, Project Management, and Submittal Information 
400.00 Architecture & Engineering 
500.00 Interior Design 
600.00 Service Marks & Signage 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT K

1 
 
FAIR FRANCHISING POLICY 
 
 (Updated January 2025) 
  
Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Choice,” “we,” or “us”) and our franchisee(s) (“Franchisee”, 
“Franchisees”, or “you”) share substantial interests in the success of our brands, as well as the worldwide 
lodging system they comprise (“System”). Choice and its Franchisees all benefit when Choice considers 
System interests first when making policies. For these reasons, Choice has adopted the following guiding 
principles, which may be modified from time to time at our sole discretion. Any substantive changes to this 
policy will be conducted in consultation with our Franchisee Associations.   
  
Mission Statement   
  
Both Choice and our Franchisees have a responsibility to build and maintain the System. At the individual 
property level, it is your responsibility to represent your hotel’s brand in a manner that continually builds 
brand equity; and we are responsible for confirming that general System and individual brand standards 
are met throughout the entire Choice franchise System.   
  
Even under the best of circumstances, however, we realize that situations can arise that may create 
conflict between Choice and our Franchisees. Accordingly, Choice maintains this fair franchising policy 
(“Fair Franchising Policy”) to help us mutually address these situations. The Fair Franchising Policy 
contains standards relating to the System and is available for review at any time. We also have an 
Ombudsperson and Vice President of Owner & Portfolio Strategy dedicated to addressing any conflicts 
between Choice and Franchisees in a manner that is fair and non-retaliatory to all parties concerned. We 
encourage you to contact any member of our Fair Franchising Department to discuss the Fair Franchising 
Policy or any concerns that you have regarding your relationship with Choice.   
  
Impact   
  
Choice and Franchisees agree that every Choice brand, each property, and the entire System benefit 
from strategic growth and strong brand awareness.   
  
Impact Policy.1  In some cases, a Franchisee may believe that a third party’s application for a new 
Choice franchise is too close in proximity to the Franchisee’s existing property. To address this concern, 
Choice has instituted an incremental impact policy (“Impact Policy”), which has been benchmarked with 
our competitors and tailored to carefully balance the rights of existing Franchisees with the need for 
growth that benefits our entire System. The Impact Policy permits a Franchisee (in good standing) to 
object to the grant of a same-brand franchise, if the applying franchise is within a specified radius of the 
existing Franchisee’s property.   
  
Under the Impact Policy, we will notify both your designated representative and the general manager of 
your property: (i) by electronic mail, if we have received an application for a hotel of a different brand than 
your hotel, the proposed hotel is within 5 miles of your existing property, and your existing brand is 
covered by the Impact Policy; (ii) in writing (via express mail to the designated representative and via first -
class mail to the general manager), if we have accepted an application for a same- brand hotel and the 
applying franchise is within a specified radius of your property; or (iii) by telephone, if you are an applicant 
and we have received an additional application for a same-brand hotel to be located within the Area of 
Enhanced Protection (as defined more fully in the Impact Policy) of your proposed hotel.   
  
First opportunity to develop in franchisee’s Area of Enhanced Protection (AOEP). In addition to the 
 
1 As of the date of this Fair Franchising Policy, the Impact Policy applies only to the following brands: 
Clarion, Comfort, Econo Lodge, MainStay Suites, Quality, Rodeway Inn, and Sleep Inn. 

2 
 
objection rights described above, each existing franchisee in good standing with Choice will have the 
option of submitting an application for a new same-brand hotel within its AOEP before Choice will 
approve a same-brand application within that AOEP from another prospective franchisee. Specifically, 
Choice will permit existing franchisees to submit an application for a same-brand property within 15-
calendar days of being notified of a proposed application by another prospective franchisee, and the 
existing franchisee will receive preference in the application for a same-brand property. In making a final 
decision, however, we will also consider other factors, such as site location, financing, relative strength of 
each application and Choice’s past experience with the existing franchisee. Finally, our Franchise 
Development team will inform the existing franchisee of our decision before we grant final approval of an 
application for a same-brand hotel within that franchisee’s AOEP.   
  
Consultation. As has been our practice, we will continue to consult with our Franchisees on amendments 
and modifications to the Impact Policy. For more information, please refer to our Impact Policy, at 
www.choicecentral.com or call the Fair Franchising Department for a detailed explanation of our Impact 
Policy.   
  
Exercise of Contractual Outs   
  
Company Philosophy. Choice is committed to meeting the evolving needs of its guests across all of its 
brands and driving continued brand equity. It is imperative that each hotel delivers a top- notch, consistent 
experience to every guest, every time. Our brands are as strong as their weakest performer, so if a guest 
has a bad experience at one hotel, it adversely impacts us all and the System. Not only should each hotel 
be clean, in good condition and in working order, they should be modern, up-to-date, and competitive 
within their markets. Choice’s contractual out evaluation process was created to ensure that we all meet 
these objectives.   
  
Contractual Out Evaluation Process. For some brands the franchise agreement may include a mutual 
right to terminate the franchise agreement on the 5th, 10th, or 15th anniversary of the Opening Date by 
providing advance written notice.2 Choice reviews every active property prior to these anniversaries and 
evaluates the following aspects of the hotel:   
• How well does the hotel meet guest expectations as measured by Guest Insight System (“GIS”) 
scores and customer complaints?   
• How do the hotel’s GIS scores and guest complaints compare to other hotels within its brand?   
• How strongly does the hotel compete in its local market as determined by Smith Travel Research 
(STR) reports compared to both local competitive set and tract chain scale?   
• What is the hotel’s historic pass/fail rate for Quality Assurance (“QA”) inspections?   
• Has the hotel been defaulted in the past for any reason, including but not limited to QA, After 
Entering System (“AES”), credit or legal reasons?   
• How does the physical plant of the hotel compare to its competitive set within its market?   
• How does the physical plant of the hotel compare to other hotels within its brand?   
• If there are gaps between the property and its competitive set or peers, can the property be 
updated cost-effectively?   
 
Risk Factors. In keeping with Choice’s philosophy, we review in detail the aggregate results of these 
questions referenced above for each hotel. In particular, we take into account any unique aspects of the 
 
2 As of the date of this Fair Franchising Policy , there is no mutual right of termination in the standard form 
of franchise agreement for Woodspring.  For Comfort, the standard form of franchise agreement includes 
a mutual right of termination  on the 5th anniversary of the Opening Date for only conversion properties.  
For Cambria, the standard form of franchise agreement provides for a mutual right of termination on the 
10th and 15th anniversary of the Opening Date . Similarly, the Mainstay and Sleep  form of franchise 
agreements provide for the same mutual termination right but these apply only to new construction 
properties. For Rodeway, the standard form of franchise agreement includes an annual mutual termination 
right on each anniversary of the Opening Date.   

3 
 
hotel’s market or its guest base. There is no standardized formula that is applied to every hotel and each 
situation is evaluated independently. Furthermore, typically Choice reserves the right under the franchise 
agreement to exercise its contractual out for any reason or no reason at all, subject to state law. There 
are certain factors, however, that place a property at greater risk that Choice typically will exercise its 
contractual out, including but not limited to (subject to state law):   
  
• The property’s Likelihood to Recommend (“LTR”) score places it in the bottom third of its brand 
for the most recent 12 month period.   
• The property has guest complaints per thousand (“CPT”) higher than the brand average for the 
most recent 12 month period.   
• The property has a history of shifting between passing and failing scores on QA inspections.   
• The property passes its QA inspections but only minimally.   
• The property performs below the tract chain scale as determined by STR.   
• The physical plant of the property is outdated, worn, and/or in poor condition.   
  
Note on Comfort Inn: To achieve the brand’s goal of becoming one of the top 3 brands in the Midscale 
without Food & Beverage segment, all Comfort Inn properties must be held to a higher standard in terms 
of both guest satisfaction and physical representation. For example, the outside appearance of the hotel 
must meet or be able to achieve a consistent, above-average guest experience when compared to other 
hotels within the brand and to its national competitive set, which includes Holiday Inn Express and 
Fairfield Inn.   
  
If the physical plant of a Comfort Inn property resembles economy-level competitors in the market due to 
its room size, lobby size, public space, corridor type (interior v. exterior), single loaded v. double loaded, 
or other aspects, then Choice  may elect to exercise its contractual out or, if desirable, discuss the 
potential for the property to reposition to another Choice  brand.   
  
Management Committee. Due to the importance of these decisions and their impact on both Choice and 
the Franchisee, no single person at Choice has the ability to exercise a contractual out. All decisions to 
exercise this right are made by a Committee and must be unanimously supported by each member of that 
Committee. The Management Committee is comprised of representatives from:   
  
• Fair Franchising   
• Owner & Portfolio Strategy   
• Legal   
• Development 
• Services   
• Credit   
 
 Contractual Out Notification Process. Approximately eighteen (18) months prior to a contractual out, a 
representative from Choice will contact the Franchisee’s Designated Representative if:   
 
1. Choice is considering whether to exercise its contractual out and feels that a Product Improvement 
Plan (“PIP”) is necessary to continue the relationship.   
• The Franchisee’s Designated Representative will receive a letter explaining Choice’s position and 
the PIP process. A copy of the letter will be sent to the hotel’s General Manager.   
• Once the PIP is prepared, the Franchisee’s Designated Representative will receive a phone call 
from a member of Choice’s Owner & Portfolio Strategy department to discuss the scope of work 
to update the property. (See below)   
 
2. Choice has decided to exercise its contractual out.  
• The Franchisee’s Designated Representative will receive a phone call from Choice to discuss the 
decision.   
• If Choice is unable to reach the Franchisee’s Designated Representative by phone, Choice will 

4 
 
send a letter notifying the hotel of its attempts to contact the Designated Representative by phone 
and requesting the hotel contact Choice immediately. If Choice is unsuccessful in contacting the 
Franchisee, then Choice will release a formal Notice of Termination letter generally twelve (12) 
months prior to the contractual out date. Individual franchise agreements may contain different 
notice periods. If that is the case, those notice periods will apply, however Choice will attempt to 
provide as much notice as is reasonably possible.   
  
Please note that each Franchisee is obligated to maintain accurate contact information with Choice. If the 
Franchisee’s Designated Representative name, address, or telephone number on file is no longer valid, 
then Choice cannot be held responsible for any resulting delays in reaching the Franchisee.   
  
Product Improvement Plans. In many cases, Choice will agree to continue its relationship based on an 
agreed scope of work to update and refresh the property and/or additional training. These requirements 
will be detailed in the PIP. If Choice and the Franchisee’s Designated Representative cannot finalize and 
execute the PIP twelve (12) months prior to the contractual out date, then Choice may issue a Notice of 
Termination to the Franchisee’s Designated Representative.   
  
This Notice of Termination can be rescinded if subsequent discussions result in a mutually agreeable PIP 
Addendum that is executed by both parties within 30 days of the Notice of Termination letter.   
  
Options Available to Properties. There are 4 options available to properties where Choice has 
exercised its contractual out:   
  
1. Reposition to Another Choice Brand   
 
In many cases, there will be another Choice brand available in the market for the hotel to consider. There 
may be many financial benefits to remaining with the Choice System rather than exiting the System 
completely. When Choice calls the Franchisee’s Designated Representative to inform them that Choice is 
exercising its contractual out, he or she will discuss the availability of this option.   
  
2. Replace the Existing Hotel   
 
Many owners prefer to replace their hotel with a newer product in their market. Please let a Choice 
representative know your interest in this option and the appropriate person will contact you.   
  
3. Appeal the Decision   
 
If a Franchisee’s Designated Representative would like to appeal a contractual out decision, then a letter 
detailing the request and the reasons for appeal should be emailed to the contact person on the 
termination notice. Upon receipt of the appeal request, a confirmation email will be sent within 
approximately 48 hours. The Management Committee will generally review the appeal within 7-10 
business days following the receipt confirmation. The Franchisee’s Designated Representative will 
receive the results of the Committee review via email.   
  
4. Early Termination following Choice’s exercise of a window.   
 
When Choice exercises its option to terminate a franchise agreement at a contractual out, and a 
franchisee in good standing wishes to leave the Choice system before the agreed- upon termination date, 
Choice will take special consideration, on a case-by-case basis, in reviewing a franchisee’s request to 
discount or waive any liquidated damages that may be owed due to the early termination.   
  
Non-retaliation. In deciding whether to exercise our contractual out, Choice will not discriminate or 
retaliate against a property that has requested or is in the process of requesting an impact study or has 
challenged some other action taken by Choice.   
  

5 
 
Marketing and Reservation Services Funds:   
 
Consultation. Choice is committed to the practice of consulting with its applicable franchisee 
association(s) on certain marketing campaigns the company undertakes and generally on the use of 
monthly fees designated for marketing, and reservation services.  The franchise associations also are 
consulted on changing the amounts of those fees.   
  
Disclosure. Upon request, Choice will make available to Franchisees its unaudited financial statements 
for those portions of Marketing and Reservation fees that are designated for marketing and reservation 
services purposes. Choice has no obligation to separate incomes or expenditures between Choice 
brands. Moreover, as a public company, Choice will continue to report its Marketing and Reservation fees 
(including marketing and reservations fees) in accordance with GAAP (generally accepted accounting 
principles) on its income statements, which are reviewed and published quarterly.   
  
Corporate Ethics:   
  
Ethical Conduct. Choice expects all Choice associates, franchisees and vendors to practice “good faith 
and fair dealing” in all business matters. All Choice associates are subject to a corporate ethics policy that 
mandates certain standards of conduct. In addition, your franchise agreement contains provisions that 
require you to operate your franchise in a manner that does not negatively impact Choice and the brand 
or violate any laws.   
  
Termination for Cause:   
  
Liquidated Damages. For most brands, if the standard franchise agreement is terminated before the end 
of its term, we have generally capped both pre-opening and post-opening liquated damages at 36 months 
of historical royalty fees (membership fees for Ascend properties) and the formula applicable to each 
brand.3 The collection of liquidated damages is to account for Choice’s future lost royalty fees.  Individual 
franchise agreements may contain different terms, and your agreement will control the amount of 
liquidated damages you will have to pay. 
  
Extraordinary Circumstances. If you encounter extraordinary, unforeseen circumstances (such as the 
death of franchisee, environmental issues, permanent disabilities, etc.) that affect your ability to operate 
your franchise in good standing, it is your responsibility to contact us in a timely manner to work towards 
possible resolutions. In these instances, we will attempt in good faith to find a mutually acceptable 
resolution to the particular situation.   
  
Transfers:   
  
Family Transfer.4 If you wish to transfer your franchise to a close adult family member (e.g., current 
spouse, parent, child, sibling, grandchild or grandparent) (“Close Family Member”), that Close Family 
Member must demonstrate to us that he or she has both the financial ability and experience necessary to 
operate your franchise in accordance with Choice standards before we will approve a transfer , among 
other requirements. If the transfer to a Close Family Member occurs outside of circumstances involving 
death and/or mental incapacity, you must pay an application fee (not to exceed $7,500), which will be fully 
refunded if we do not approve the transfer.  The terms of your franchise agreement may differ and, in that 
case, the terms of your agreement may override the family transfer provision described above.   
 
 
3 Typically, 60 months of historical royalty fees for Cambria. In addition, typically 60 months historical 
royalty fees for Post-Opening liquidated damages for Suburban and MainStay Hotels.   
4 Ascend Membership Agreements allow a transfer to a close family member for estate planning purposes 
and does not include a transfer to a Close Family Member based on death and mental incapacity.  

6 
 
Supplier Options:   
  
Vendor Exclusivity. Our Procurement Services Department maintains a list of “Qualified Vendors” of 
products and services for our franchisees. Certain Qualified Vendors are designated in the Rules and 
Regulations as exclusive suppliers. Unless required by the Rules and Regulations, you do not have to 
purchase products that otherwise meet brand standards from Qualified Vendors. We frequently solicit 
feedback from the elected members of our franchisee associations before implementing new brand 
standards or vendor requirements.  Additionally, for most products and services, we attempt to identify 3 
or more vendors who are capable of meeting our brand standards.   
 
Building Brand Equity:   
 
Quality Assurance Reviews. Our entire System benefits from positive brand equity. Building brand equity 
begins at the local level with how you operate your hotel and also includes Brand Standards or Rules and 
Regulations that we communicate to you in order to ensure that each of our hotels is meeting or 
exceeding customer expectations. 
  
Brand Standards or Rules and Regulations, as applicable, change from time to time to reflect changing 
customer trends and in response to our competition. Where applicable, we will consult with the various 
brand associations regarding significant changes contemplated for the Brand Standards /Rules and 
Regulations before implementation, and we will provide our franchisees with a reasonable period to 
absorb such changes financially.   
  
In addition, each of us has an obligation to your guests to require that your hotel meets or exceeds our 
brand-specific performance and quality standards. In that regard, we will continue to apply our Quality 
Assurance process in a fair and impartial manner. If at any time you wish to dispute your Quality 
Assurance scores, you may make an appeal to the Brand Standards & Compliance.  
  
Database Information:   
  
Prohibited Uses. We have agreed not to share individual, hotel-specific property reservation data for the 
sole purpose of selling new franchises.   
  
Dispute Resolution:   
 
There are two mechanisms for handling disputes.  The first is an informal process, and the second is 
through arbitration.    
 
Informal Process. We have found that certain disputes with our franchisees can be handled locally or 
through our established organizational structure. Our Ombudsperson and Vice President of Owner & 
Portfolio Strategy both provide a retribution-free outlet for our franchisees to share their concerns 
regarding fairness.   
  
Arbitration. The terms of the franchise agreement (which control) generally require all franchise disputes 
to be resolved by submitting the claim to binding arbitration before the American Arbitration Association or 
alternative arbitration groups.   
  
***** 

EXHIBIT L

List of U.S. Franchisees - Those Operating and Franchisees Who Signed Franchise Agreements as of December 31, 2024 
 
Franchisee Hotel Address Hotel City Hotel State Zip Code 
 Contact phone 
number 
D Tur Hotel, LLC 250 S Walnut Rd  Turlock California 95380 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Mod Hotel LLC 1920 W Orangeburg Ave  Modesto California 95350 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Trac Hotel LLC 3810 N Tracy Blvd  Tracy California 95304 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Lassen LLC 4673 Lassen Rd  Livermore California 94551 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D 3145 Santa N LLC 3145 Cleveland Ave  Santa Rosa California 95403 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Rosa South Operating, LLC, 2760 Cleveland Ave  Santa Rosa  95403  
D Petaluma LLC 1368 N McDowell Blvd,  Petaluma California 94954 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Silicon LLC 3208 El Camino Real  Santa Clara California 95051 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D San Jose, LLC 2560 Fontaine Rd  San Jose California 95121 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Walnut LLC 2389 N Main St  Walnut Creek California 94596 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Fort Hotel, LLC 3900 E Mulberry St  Fort Collins Colorado 80524 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Aurora Hotel, LLC 14031 E Iliff Avenue  Aurora Colorado 80014 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Thor Hotel, LLC 6 West 83rd Place  Thornton Colorado 80221 +1 (775) 250-1810 
Dhillon Hospitality LLC 3228 N Chestnut Street  Colorado Springs Colorado 80907 +1 (775) 250-1810 
Dhillon Hotel, LLC 480 Wadsworth Boulevard  Lakewood Colorado 80226 +1 (775) 250-1810 
Harikrishna Corporation 2729 Pointe North Blvd  Albany Georgia 31721 (229) 291-3555 
D Boulder LLC 4125 Boulder Hwy  Las Vegas Nevada 89121 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Martin LLC 5085 Dean Martin Dr  Las Vegas Nevada 89118-1758 +1 (775) 250-1810 
Eshanya Grove City Hotels LLC 
1924 Leesburg Grove City 
Rd.  Grove City Pennsylvania 16127 2702155582 
SAAS Hotels PA, LLC 3377 New Castle Rd  Middlesex Pennsylvania 16159 7702352066 
B.V.M. Group, LLC 1729 Mandeville Road  Florence South Carolina 29501 732-485-9970 
Aum Sai Properties, LLC 7500 Louis Pasteur Dr  San Antonio Texas 78229 832-868-8214 
SHREE MANAGEMENT & 
INVESTMENT INC. 280 W 7200 S  Midvale Utah 84047-1043 8013761677 
D Airport Operating, LLC 
1990 North W Temple 
Street  Salt Lake City Utah 84116 +1 (775) 250-1810 
D Wood Hotel LLC 2433 S 800 W  Woods Cross Utah 84087 +1 (775) 250-1810 
Salt Lake Guest, LLC 176 W 600 S  Salt Lake City Utah 84101 +1 (775) 250-1810 
Prosper WY, LLC 1735 Westland Rd  Cheyenne Wyoming 82001 469-233-9937 
 

 
Franchisees who have signed Franchise Agreements for Hotels that were not yet operational as of as of December 31, 2024 
 
Franchisee Licensee Rep Street Address 
Licensee 
Rep City Licensee Rep State  
Licensee Rep 
Zip code 
Licensee Rep 
phone number 
Kohinoor Investment Corporation 3049 Stonington Drive Roseville California 95747 916-940-6447 
POWER CONTROL SYSTEMS OF GA, INC. 3112 Washington Road Ste L Augusta Georgia 30907  
Ratas Investment LLC 2980 Blue Grouse Drive Reno Nevada 89509 775-250-3619 
ND Hotels inc 1202 36th Street South Fargo North Dakota 58103 7012329251 
D Koval LLC 8000 Warren Parkway Suite 206 Frisco Texas 75034 +1 (775) 250-1810 
 

EXHIBIT M

Franchisees that left the System during Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2024 
 
 
None 

EXHIBIT N

 
Lender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property»  
3/4/24  
Page 1 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852          (301) 592-5000 
 
 
 
 
March 4, 2024 
 
 
Lender Name                                 
Lender Address 
Lender Address 
Attention:    Lender contact name/title 
 
Re:     «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» «Contract_Legal_Sec_Name» 
(«Contract_Property» - «Contract_Contract_ID») 
  «Contract_Property_Address_for_ChoiceMap» (the “Hotel”) 
 
Dear Lender: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Franchisor”) and «Customer_Customer_Name» (“Franchisee”) are 
parties to a Franchise Agreement dated «Contract_EffectiveExecution_Date» (as amended, the 
“Franchise Agreement”).  The Franchise Agreement permits Franchisee to operate the Hotel as a 
«Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product»® hotel.   
 
As of the date of this letter agreement, the Franchise Agreement is in full force and effect, Franchisee is in 
good standing with Franchisor, and Franchisor has  not issued a notice of default under the Franchise 
Agreement which has not been cured; and to the best of Franchisor’s knowledge and belief, Franchisee is 
not currently in default of the Franchise Agreement.  “Franchisor’s knowledge” means the actual knowledge 
of obvious Hotel development, construction, and operational matters regularly reviewed by company 
employees who have given their attention to such matters in the ordinary course of business and does not 
include any investigation by those employees or others of other matters or beyond their usual and 
customary reviews of the Hotel, nor does it include constructive notice of matters or information located in 
public or Hotel records.  “Default” means matters which have been the subject of an actual notice of default 
under the Franchise Agreement and does not include matters which are or may be in process, under 
discussion, or otherwise addressed.   
 
________________________ (“Lender”) and Franchisee have informed Franchisor that Lender has issued 
a commitment to loan funds (the “Loan”) to Franchisee to be used for the direct benefit of the Hotel and 
secured by the Hotel.  
Lender and Franchisee have requested that Franchisor  enter into this letter  agreement (the “Comfort 
Letter”) and have submitted the nonrefundable current processing fee.  The undersigned parties agree as 
follows:  
1. Opportunity to Cure Defaults. 
 
(a) Notice and Cure Period. Franchisor will copy Lender on any notice of default or termination 
issued to Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement.   To the extent any default is curable, Lender shall 
have the right, but not the obligation, to cure the default within a cure period of fifteen (15) calendar days  
for monetary defaults or forty -five (45) days for non- monetary defaults beyond the expiration of the cure 
period, if any, given to Franchisee (“Lender’s Cure Period”).   For non -monetary default, Lender must 
provide notice to Franchisor of Lender’s intended method to cure the non-monetary default. 
 


 
Lender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property»  
3/4/24  
Page 2 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852          (301) 592-5000 
 
 
(b) Non-Monetary Default Requiring Possession to Cure. In the event of a non- monetary 
default, Lender must obtain Franchisor’s prior written consent to apply for the right to acquire the Hotel (the 
“Acquisition”).  Lender must provide notice to Franchisor in accordance with Section 1(a) of this Comfort 
Letter, and has, upon request, one hundred eighty (180) calendar days (“Additional Period”) commencing 
at the expiration of Lender’s Cure Period to complete the Acquisition, through foreclosure or other 
appropriate proceedings.  To request the Additional Period, Lender must: (i) notify Franchisor no later than 
the date it commences proceedings (or promptly after action is stayed or enjoined) that Lender wants the 
Additional Period; (ii) commence proceedings within Lender’s Cure Period and diligently prosecutes such 
proceedings to completion; and (iii) comply w ith the obligations of Franchisee under the Franchise 
Agreement not being performed by Franchisee during the Additional Period, including payment of all 
monetary obligations but excluding those obligations that can only be performed by Franchisee or which 
Lender cannot perform without ownership of the Hotel. If requested by Lender, Franchisor may extend the 
Additional Period, at Franchisor’s determination taking into consideration the period of time that may be 
necessary to complete the foreclosure or other  proceeding in the applicable jurisdiction and any period of 
time during which such action has been stayed or enjoined.  If Lender fails to timely request the Additional 
Period, Lender acknowledges that the Franchise Agreement terminates pursuant to Franchisor’s notice of 
default and termination.   
 
          (c) Foreclosure.   If Lender commences a foreclosure or other proceeding intended to result 
in the Acquisition but Franchisor has not issued a default notice to Franchisee or Lender has cured 
Franchisee’s default during Lender’s Cure Period, Lender may exercise the rights under this Comfort Letter 
if Lender (i) notifies Franchisor of its proceeding as required by this Comfort Letter and confirms its intention 
to proceed under the terms of this Comfort Letter and (ii) subsequently completes its Acquisition within one 
hundred eighty (180) calendar days of the date Lender commenced its proceeding (as such one hundred 
eighty (180) day period may be extended by Franchisor in its determination if requested by Lender, which 
determination shall take into consideration the period of time required to complete a foreclosure in the 
applicable jurisdiction, and any period of time in which Lender’s action has been stayed or enjoined). Lender 
must also comply with the obligations in P aragraph 1(b)(iii) while the Acquisition is pending. Franchisor 
acknowledges and agrees that an Acquisition shall not be deemed a sale or lease of the Hotel under the 
Franchise Agreement, nor a violation of any control or transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement, and 
shall not be subject to any right of first refusal or right of first offer contained in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(d) Franchisor’s Rights to Terminate Franchise Agreement .  Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Comfort Letter, and without limiting Franchisor’s right to terminate the Franchise 
Agreement, Franchisor may terminate the Franchise Agreement if any of the following occur:  
(i) Franchisee’s default or any subsequent default, in the sole opinion of Franchisor, damages the image or 
reputation of Franchisor or any brand name owned and/or licensed by Franchisor; (ii) Franchisor is required 
to terminate the Franchise  Agreement by court order or action of any trustee in bankruptcy or debtor in 
possession of the Hotel; (iii)  the Additional Period expires without other arrangements, satisfactory to 
Franchisor in its sole discretion, having been entered into between Franchisor and Lender; or (iv) , as 
applicable, Franchisor has the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement without cause under Section 3 
of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(e) Expiration of Franchise Agreement.  Nothing in this Comfort Letter will extend the 
Franchise Agreement beyond its stated Term.   
 
2. Elections Upon Lender Acquisition.  
 
(a) Election Not to Operate. If Lender completes its Acquisition before the expiration of the 
applicable time periods set forth in Paragraph 1, Lender may elect not to continue operating the Hotel under 
the terms of the Franchise Agreement.  In such event, Lender must give written notice to Franchisor within 
thirty (30) calendar days after the Acquisition of its election not to operate.  Upon receipt by Franchisor of 
such notice, Franchisor shall terminate the Franchise Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof.  
Upon such termination of the Franchise Agreement pursuant to this Paragraph, Lender shall not be liable 

 
Lender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property»  
3/4/24  
Page 3 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852          (301) 592-5000 
 
 
for any termination fees or liquidated damages for early termination.  Lender shall be solely liable for all 
fees and obligations of Franchisee that accrued during the time period from the date of the Acquisition 
through the date of Lender’s notice not to operate, and Lender shall be responsible for complying with the 
de-identification obligations contained in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(b) Election to Operate. If Lender completes its Acquisition before the expiration of the 
applicable time periods set forth in Paragraph 1 and Lender elect s to continue operating the Hotel as a 
«Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» hotel, Lender may, by notice and payment to Franchisor of an 
affiliation fee in the amount of  $15,000 by no later than thirty (30) days after the Acquisition and, enter into 
a new franchise agreement on Franchisor’s then-current form.  Lender and Franchisor will execute the new 
franchise agreement within thirty (30) days of Lender’s A cquisition.  Such franchise agreement shall be 
dated as of the later of (i)  the date that Lender acquired the Hotel  or (ii) the date that we sign the new 
franchise agreement.  
 
The conditions contained in the Section 9 transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement relevant 
to a new f ranchisee as determined appropriate by Franchisor shall apply with respect to the transfer to 
Lender, including but not limited to submission by Lender of its ownership structure, evidence of ADA 
compliance and evidence of insurance.  Any renovation requirements imposed by Franchisor will not 
exceed those which Franchisor could have imposed had Franchisee remained as the Franchisee under the 
Franchise Agreement.  Lender must diligently cure all defaults which it could not cure before the Acquisition 
under the terms of Paragraph 1(b), except for personal and non-curable defaults as defined below, within 
the time period determined by Franchisor based on the nature of the default and/or the condition of the 
Hotel at the time of Lender’s Acquisition.  The term “personal and non -curable defaults” as used in this 
Paragraph shall mean such defaults that (i) occurred before the date of Lender’s Acquisition; (ii) are non-
curable; (iii) are  purely personal to Franchisee ( e.g., failure to provide adequate notice or past failure to 
maintain Franchisee’s company status); and (iv) are unrelated to the operation of the Hotel.   H owever, 
Lender shall not be liable for any termination fees or liquidated damages.   
 
3.         Receivership.  If a receiver is appointed by court order to operate the Hotel, and Lender desires the 
Hotel to continue to be operated as a «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» hotel, Lender may, by 
notice and payment to Franchisor of a non-refundable $7,500 administrative fee within t hirty (30) days of 
receiver’s appointment and subject to Paragraph 2(b)  above, elect  to have r eceiver enter into an 
assumption of the franchise agreement on Franchisor’s then-current form.  The receiver must execute an 
assumption of the Franchise Agreement within thirty (30) days of receiver’s appointment.  Before Franchisor 
approves  such assumption of the Franchise Agreement pursuant to this Paragraph 3, (i) Franchisor, Lender 
and receiver must reach agreement concerning the cure of any quality, service or other deficiencies in 
Franchisee’s prior performance of its obligations under the Franchise Agreement, including any deficiencies 
under any other agreements with Franchisor and/or its affiliates relating to the Hotel but excluding liquidated 
damages; (ii) receiver must enter into an assumption of the Franchise Agreement containing all terms required 
by Franchisor, which will be dated as of r eceiver’s possession date; and (iii) receiver must specifically be 
authorized by court order to operate the Hotel and enter into and comply with the agreements referenced in 
subsection (ii) above. 
4.         Notifications to Franchisor.   Lender agrees to notify Franchisor: (i) contemporaneously with  
commencement of foreclosure proceedings regarding the Hotel; (ii) contemporaneously with the filing of 
any petition for appointment of a receiver, to obtain the entry of an order for relief, or take any action under 
federal or state bankruptcy laws or similar laws with regard to the Hotel; (iii) contemporaneously with the 
acceptance of  a deed for the Hotel in lieu of foreclosure; and  (iv) promptly, after tak ing ownership, 
possession or control of the Hotel, directly or indirectly, in any manner.  Lender’s notice to Franchisor must 
identify the court in which any such action referred to in subsection (i) or subsection (ii) is or will be 
filed.  Lender shall  promptly notify Franchisor in writing of the commencement by another party of 
foreclosure proceedings or the filing of an action for the appointment of a receiver or petition for relief under 
state or federal bankruptcy laws after Lender receives notice of commencement of such proceedings.   

 
Lender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property»  
3/4/24  
Page 4 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852          (301) 592-5000 
 
 
5.         No Consent to Assignment of Franchise Agreement.  Lender and Franchisee acknowledge and 
agree that any current and any future collateral assignment, pledge, grant of a security interest or other 
transfer to Lender or its Affiliates of any interest in the Franchise Agreement:  (i) has not been and will not 
be consented to by Franchisor; (ii) does not and will not affect Franchisor’s rights under the Franchise 
Agreement; (iii) does not and will not  grant Lender or any person gaining ownership or possession of the 
Hotel any rights under the Franchise Agreement or with respect to the license granted thereunder, including 
the right to operate the Hotel as a «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» hotel; and (iv) is and will be 
limited by  the terms and conditions of this Comfort Letter.  If the Hotel is acquired by anyone other than 
Lender neither Lender nor Franchisee will have the right or authority to sell, convey, assign or in any manner 
transfer any rights under this Comfort Letter  or under the Franchise Agreement without the prior written 
consent of Franchisor.   Lender’s only rights with respect to the Franchise Agreement and the license 
granted thereunder, including the right to operate the Hotel as a «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» 
hotel, are stated in this Comfort Letter. 
 
6. Subsequent Sale.     Any subsequent sale, assignment or transfer of the Hotel by Lender to a third 
party who desires to continue to operate the Hotel as a «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» Hotel 
must be in accordance with the transfer and assignment provisions of the Franchise Agreement, which  
require, among other things,  submission of a relicensing application, payment of an affiliation fee, and 
payment of all amounts due to Franchisor.  Franchisor will require the transfer applicant to sign the then-
current form of franchise agreement, which will include a new property improvement plan. 
 
7.         No Claims .  Franchisor may discuss with Lender or its designee the status of the Hotel, the 
Franchise Agreement, the terms of any agreement contemplated by this Comfort Letter and any of the 
matters to which Lender is entitled to notice.    Franchisor  and its respective owners, affiliates, agents, 
employees, officers, directors, successors, assigns and representatives (“Released Persons”) shall not be 
liable to any person for taking any action or providing any information required or contemplated by this 
Comfort Letter (“Comfort Letter Acts”) and Franchisee, on behalf of itself and its owners, affiliates, agents, 
officers, directors, employees, representatives, successors and assigns, hereby releases the Released 
Persons of and from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, demands, contingencies, debts, 
accounts and judgments whatsoever, at law or in equity, for any Comfort Letter Acts.  
8. 
        Notices.  All notices required under this Comfort Letter  shall be in writing, sent by certified mail, 
return receipt requested, or by Federal Express or other national express delivery service and addressed, 
if to Lender, to: 
 
Lender name 
Lender address 
Lender address 
Attention:    Lender contact/title 
 
if to Franchisee, to: 
 
 
«Customer_Customer_Name» 
«Licensee_Rep_Account_Billing_Address_Li» 
«Licensee_Rep_Account_Billing_Address_Li1» 
«Licensee_Rep_Account_Billing_Address_Li2» 
«Licensee_Rep_Account_City», «Licensee_Rep_Account_StateProvince»  
«Licensee_Rep_Account_ZipPostal_Code» 
Attention:   «Licensee_Rep_Contact» 
 
If to Franchisor, to: 
 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600 

 
Lender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property»  
3/4/24  
Page 5 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852          (301) 592-5000 
 
 
North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 
Attention:  Legal Department 
Any notice sent pursuant to this Comfort Letter shall be deemed to be given three (3) days after mailing or 
on the next business day after such notice is deposited with a national express delivery service. 
9.      Franchisee Estoppel and Release.   As consideration for this Comfort Letter relating to the Loan, 
Franchisee hereby: 
 
(a) certifies to Franchisor that the Franchise Agreement is in full force and effect, and no 
default, claim, breach, offset, defense to full and strict enforcement, waiver, or estoppel (collectively, a 
“Claim”), or condition that could with passage of time, giving notice or otherwise become a Claim, currently 
exists or has existed against Franchisor under the Franchise Agreement;  
 
(b) agrees that this Comfort Letter will remain in full force and effect in favor of Lender with 
respect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, extended, supplemented, or 
restated;  
 
(c) agrees that this Comfort Letter was provided to Lender at Franchisee’s request; and  
 
(d) fully and forever releases, discharges, and agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless 
Franchisor, its predecessors, successors and assigns and each of their respective former and present 
officers, employees, directors, shareholders, partners, members, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, alter egos, 
representatives, agents, and attorneys (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all Claims, 
demands, liens, actions, agreements, suits, causes of action, obligations, controversies, debts, costs, 
attorney’s fees, expenses, damages, judgments, orders, and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in law, 
equity, or otherwise, whether now known or suspected which have, may or do exist (“Released Claims”), 
based on any facts, events, or omissions occurring before the execution of this Comfort Letter which arise 
out of, concern, pertain, or relate in any way to the subject matter of this Comfort Letter. Franchisee 
acknowledges that it may hereafter discover Claims presently unknown or unsuspected, or facts in addition 
to or different from those which it now knows or believes to be true, with respect to the matters released by 
this Comfort Letter.  Nevertheless, Franchisee fully and finally settles and releases all such matters, and all 
Claims relative thereto, which do now exist, may exist or have existed between the Released Parties and 
Franchisee. 
 
10. Lender Estoppel and Release.  As consideration for this Comfort Letter  relating to the Loan, 
Lender hereby:  
(a) certifies to Franchisor that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person. “Sanctioned Person” means 
any person or entity (including financial institutions) who is:  (i) or is controlled by or acting on behalf of the 
Government of any country subject to comprehensive U.S. sanctions in force and which currently include 
the Government of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria (“Sanctioned Countries”); (ii ) located in, 
organized under the laws of or ordinarily resident in Sanctioned Countries; and/or (iii ) identified by any 
government or legal authority under applicable Trade Restrictions as a person with whom dealings and 
transactions by Lender and/or its affiliates are prohibited or restricted, including but not limited to persons 
designated under United Nations Security Council Resolutions, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s 
Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) List of Specially Designated Nationals and Other Blocked 
Persons; the U.S. Department of State’s lists of persons subject to non- proliferation sanctions; the 
European Union Financial Sanctions List; persons and entities subject to Special Measures regulations 
under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Bank Secrecy Act; 
 
(b) agrees that this Comfort Letter shall remain in full force and effect in favor of Lender with 
respect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, ext ended, supplemented or 
restated; and  

 
Lender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property»  
3/4/24  
Page 6 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852          (301) 592-5000 
 
 
 
(c) fully and forever releases and discharges the Released Parties from any and all Released 
Claims by or through Lender based on any facts, events, or omissions occurring before the execution of 
this Comfort Letter which arise out of, concern, pertain, or relate in any way to this Comfort Letter. 
 
11.       No Representations or Warranties.   In no event shall this Comfort Letter  or any other 
circumstances surrounding the provision of financing by Lender be construed to involve:   (i) any 
representation by Franchisor that Franchisor endorses, approves, recommends or otherwise concurs in the 
financing; (ii) any guarantee or assurance by Franchisor that Franchisee or any other party to the Loan will 
be able to repay the Loan in accordance with its terms; (iii) any endorsement, approval, recommendation 
or concurrence in any financial projections submitted to Lender in connection with the Loan; or (iv)  any 
endorsement, approval or recommendation of Franchisee’s character or reputation.   Franchisor’s 
representation in the second paragraph of this Comfort Letter  regarding the status of the F ranchise 
Agreement pertains to the status of the Franchise Agreement as of the date of this Comfort Letter only.  As 
a result, Lender acknowledges that Franchisor makes no representation that it has or has not issued any 
default notice after the date hereof, and Lender is not relying on any such representation (or absence of a 
representation) in making any decision or representation or warranty in connection with any material 
modification, securitization, or sale of the Loan.  
12.       Replacement Comfort Letter.  Franchisor will issue a replacement comfort letter, substantially 
similar in form to Franchisor’s then current comfort letter  and then current fee i f Lender (a)(i) appoints a 
third-party loan servicing agent to service the Loan,  (ii) transfers the Loan to a successor mortgag ee that  
is a financial institution in the business of routinely financing real estate transactions , or (iii) designates a 
trustee of a trust established in connection with the securitization of the Loan, provided that such transferee, 
designee, or appointee  is not a Competitor, an affiliate of a Competitor, or a Person as defined in Section 
19(k) of the Franchise Agreement  (the “Anti-Terrorism/Anti-Bribery Laws”), and is not an affiliate of 
Franchisee, and (b) Franchisor receives a written request to issue a replacement comfort letter within sixty 
(60) days of the date of such appointment or transfer, setting forth the name, address of the entity for which 
the replacement comfort letter is requested, the name, address, telephone number and email address for 
the contact person for such entity, and the date of such appointment or transfer. 
“Competitor" means an individual person who directly, or indirectly through an affiliate, owns or controls a 
hotel brand (or brands) and brands hotels through branded management, licensing and/or franchising (or 
similar means) for at least ten (10) hotels; provided, however, that a financial investor (such as an 
investment bank, private equity fund, pension fund, hedge fund or similar institution or any investor therein) 
shall not be deemed a competitor solely because of its financial investment in any competitor so long as 
either such financing investor is a passive investor or such financial investor is not actively involved in the 
day-to-day business operations of the brand and an appropriate and sufficient barrier is established to 
prevent such financial investor from receiving any confidential information of Franchisee, as applicable.  In 
addition, a bank or other institutional lender that provides commercial financing to a competitor shall not be 
deemed a competitor solely because in the ordinary course of business it has financed a competitor, 
whether or not such financing results in, or has the potential to result in, such lender having control of a 
competitor as a result of the enforcement of remedies in the applicable financing documents, provided that 
such lender does not assume active management of the day to day operations of such competitor.  
Franchisor reserves the right to require representations and warranties or certifications that the conditions 
in this Paragraph are satisfied prior to issuing any replacement comfort letter.   Any such replacement 
comfort letter shall supersede and replace this Comfort Letter. 
13.       Possession of the Hotel.  If Lender owns, controls or possesses the Hotel after termination of the 
Franchise Agreement for any reason  and Lender has not entered into a franchise agreement with 
Franchisor pursuant to P aragraph 2(b) herein, Lender will (i) upon Franchisor’s request immediately 
perform the requirements of the Franchise Agreement with respect to de- identifying the Hotel as a 
«Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» hotel and (ii) indemnify, defend and hold harmless Franchisor  
and its affiliates from and against any loss, claim or other liability of any kind arising from or in connection 

 
Lender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property»  
3/4/24  
Page 7 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852          (301) 592-5000 
 
 
with the operation of the Hotel as a «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» hotel during such ownership, 
control or possession.  Lender’s obligations under this Paragraph shall survive termination of this Comfort 
Letter, and nothing herein shall limit Franchisor’s rights to seek legal redress for any unauthorized use of 
Franchisor’s trademarks, service marks, or systems. 
14.       Termination.  This Comfort Letter shall terminate and Lender shall have no rights hereunder if:   
(i) Lender has been taken over in any manner by any state or federal agency or is in a 
receivership, conservatorship, reorganization, or liquidation, or Lender or any of its officers 
or directors has entered into or is subject to a cease and desist order or any other formal 
or informal written agreement with a federal or state regulatory agency;  
(ii)         Lender no longer holds a valid first mortgage or security deed for the Hotel unless (a) 
Lender has acquired the Hotel by foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure, or any other 
exercise of its rights as a secured lender, in which case Lender will have the rights stated 
in Paragraph 2 for the period stated in such Paragraph, or (b) there has been a 
securitization or transfer of the Loan, in which case Lender will have the rights stated in 
Paragraph 12 for the period stated in such Paragraph; 
 
(iii) the Franchise Agreement has expired or the Franchisee has exercised its right to 
terminate; 
(iv) the Franchise Agreement has been terminated, unless such a termination is the result of 
the timely exercise of Lender’s rights under Paragraph 2 or Paragraph 3, in which case this 
comfort letter will terminate on the exercise or expiration of such rights, but in no event later 
than forty-five (45) days after such termination of the Franchise Agreement; or 
 
 (v) Lender breaches this Comfort Letter. 
15.       Confidentiality.  You agree to keep the grant of modifications contained in the Comfort Letter in 
strict confidence and to not disclose them to any persons other than your directors, officers, partners, 
employees, agents and advisors who have a need to know for the sole purpose of the servicing, sale, 
administration, or securitization of the Loan. Any unauthorized disclosure is a default under the terms of the 
Comfort Letter, and we may, at our option, immediately terminate the Comfort Letter upon notice to 
you.  The modifications outlined in this Comfort Letter are for the Hotel only and do not indicate that other 
hotels owned by you or by others will receive similar modifications.   You acknowledge and agree that 
nothing in the Comfort Letter prohibits us from disclosing the terms of the Comfort Letter to any vendors, 
lenders, or other third parties as we determine in our reasonable discretion. 
 
16. Final Agreement.   Except as otherwise expressly set forth, this Comfort Letter is the final 
integration of the agreements between the parties with respect to the matters covered by it and supersedes 
any prior understanding or agreement, oral or written, with respect to the matters covered by the Comfort 
Letter. 
 
17.       Effectiveness.  Franchisor shall have no obligations hereunder unless Lender and Franchisee have 
executed and delivered to the other parties  this Comfort Letter, which may be executed in a number of  
identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original for all purposes and all of which shall 
constitute, collectively, one and the same letter agreement.  Delivery of an executed signature page to this 
Comfort Letter by electronic transmission is as effective as delivery of an original signed counterpart.  This 
Comfort Letter is effective as of the date the   Franchisor signs the letter  agreement. Franchisor’s offer to 
enter into this Comfort Letter will be automatically withdrawn if (i) Franchisor does not receive signed copies 
from lender and Franchisee within 30 days of the date on page 1 herein, or (ii) Franchisor does not receive 
proof of the date of Loan closing within 60 days of the date on page 1 herein.  
 

 
Lender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property»  
3/4/24  
Page 8 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852          (301) 592-5000 
 
 
Very truly yours, 
 
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 
 
By:                                                                    
Name: Iris Figueroa Rosario 
Title: Senior Counsel 
 
Date: ______________________________ 
 
 
 
 
(signatures continue on following page) 
  

 
Lender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property»  
3/4/24  
Page 9 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852          (301) 592-5000 
 
 
 
FRANCHISEE: 
 
«Customer_Customer_Name» 
 
 
 
 
By:______________________________ 
Name: 
Title:  
 
Date: ________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
LENDER: 
 
 
By:_______________________________ 
 
Name:____________________________ 
 
Title:_____________________________  
 
Date: ________________________ 
 
 

EXHIBIT O

FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACKNOWLEDGMENT FORM 
D
o not sign this Acknowledgment Form if you are a California, Maryland, or Washington resident or the franchise 
is located (or to be located) in either California, Maryland, or Washington.  If any California franchisee completes 
this Acknowledgment Form, it is against California public policy and it will be void and unenforceable, and Choice 
Hotels International, Inc. will destroy, disregard and will not rely on this Acknowledgment Form.   
Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Choice”) and you are preparing to enter into a Franchise Agreement for a hotel operating 
under the Choice system. The purpose of this Acknowledgment Form  is to confirm that you are making an informed 
investment decision and to determine whether any improper statements or promises were made to you that Choice has not 
authorized. Please review each of the following acknowledgments  carefully and provide your initials to indicate your 
understanding of, and agreement with, the statements made. 
1. You acknowledge and agree that you received a copy of the Franchise Disclosure Document at least 14 calendar
days before you signed any agreement with Choice or made any payment to Choice.
Initial ________ 
2. You acknowledge and agree that you received and personally reviewed the Franchise Agreement and each of its
attachments.
Initial ________ 
3. You acknowledge and agree that you consult ed an attorney before signing the Franchise Agreement, or that you
voluntarily declined to do so.
Initial ________ 
4. You acknowledge and agree that you understand the risks of operating a hotel under the Choice system an d
unde
rstand that the success or failure of your business will depend in large part upon on a number of factors ,
i
ncluding your skills and abilities, competition from other businesses, interest rates, inflation, labor and supply
costs, the overall economy, and other economic and business factors.
Initial ________ 
5. You acknowledge and agree that no Choice employee or representative has made any oral, written or visual claim
o
r representation concerning the revenues, profits or earnings of a hotel (or hotels) operating in the Choice system
that is different from or inconsistent with the information contained in the Franchise Disclosure Document.
Initial ________ 
6. You acknowledge and agree that no Choice employee or representative has made any oral, written or visual promise
or
 guaranty regarding the amount of money you may earn, the amount of revenue a hotel operating under the Choice
system may generate, or the likelihood of your success.
Initial ________ 
7. You acknowledge and agree that no Choice  employee or representative has made any oral, written or visual
statement or promise concerning the advertising, marketing, training, support service or other assistance that Choice
will furnish to you that is different from or inconsistent with the information contained in the Franchise Disclosure
Document.
Initial ________ 
8. If the Franchisee is a corporation, partnership, limited liability or other entity, you acknowledge and agree that (a)
you have the authority to bind the entity for purposes of this Acknowledgment Form, and (b) you have discussed
this Acknowledgment Form with all principal owners and have obtained their oral or written agreement with the
statements made in this Acknowledgment Form.
Initial ________ 

9. You understand that this Acknowledgment Form is important to Choice and that we are relying on the accuracy and 
truthfulness of your acknowledgments as a condition of signing the Franchise Agreement.  
Initial ________ 
This Acknowledgment Form is not intended  to disclaim any representations made in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document that was furnished to you. This Acknowledgment Form is not intended nor will it act as a release, estoppel, 
or waiver of any liability incurred under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. 
*  *  * 

EXHIBIT P

STATE EFFECTIVE DATES  
 
 The following states have franchise laws that require that the Franchise Disclosure 
Document be registered or filed with the state, or be exempt from registration: California, 
Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, 
Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin. 
 
This document is effective and may be used in the following states, where the 
document is filed, registered or exempt from registration, as of the Effective Date stated 
below:
 
 
 
State Effective Date 
California Pending 
Hawaii Pending 
Illinois Pending 
Indiana Pending 
Maryland Pending 
Michigan April 1, 2025 
Minnesota Pending 
New York Pending 
North Dakota Pending 
Rhode Island Pending 
South Dakota Pending 
Virginia Pending 
Washington  Pending 
Wisconsin April 1, 2025 
 
Other states may require registration, filing or exemption of a franchise under  other 
laws, such as those that regulate the offer and sale of business opportunities or
 
 
seller
 
-
assisted marketing plans.  

Franchisee’s Copy 
 
RECEIPT 
 
This Park Inn Hotel  Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other 
information in plain language.  Read this Park Inn Hotel Disclosure Document and all agreements carefully.   
If Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Choice”) offers you a franchise, it must provide this Park Inn Hotel Disclosure 
Document to you 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, Choice or an 
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale. 
New York and Rhode Island require that Choice gives you this Park Inn Hotel Disclosure Document at the earlier of 
the first personal meeting or 10 business days before the execution of the franchise agreement or the payment of any 
consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.  Michigan require s that Choice gives you this Park Inn Hotel 
Disclosure Document at the earlier of 10 business days before the execution of any binding franchise agreement or 
the payment of any consideration. 
If Choice does not deliver this Park Inn Hotel  Disclosure Document on time or if it contains a false or misleading 
statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be reported 
to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580 and the state agency listed in Exhibit B. 
 
Franchise Seller(s): Tom Nee and/or                      ,  
Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600 
North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 
301.592.5000 
 
Issuance Date: April 1, 2025 
 
We authorize the respective agents and/or state agencies identified in Exhibit B to receive service of process for us.  
This Park Inn Hotel Disclosure Document is for use in all states and the District of Columbia (see state Effective Dates 
at the beginning of this document).   
I have received a Park Inn Hotel disclosure document dated April 1, 2025 that included the following Exhibits: (A) 
State-Specific Addenda Pages; (B) Regulatory Authorities; Registered Agents for Service of Process; (C) Financial 
Statements; (D) Franchise Agreement, Personal Guaranty and State Addenda; (E) choiceADVANTAGE® Software 
Terms of Use; (F)  ResConnect Terms of Use; (G) Promissory Note; ( H) Incentive Promissory Note; ( I) Lender 
Documents; (J) Rules and Regulations Table of Contents; ( K) Fair Franchising Policy; (L) List of Franchisees; ( M) 
List of Former Franchisees; ( N) Comfort Letter; ( O) Franchise Disclosure Acknowledgement Form; and ( P) State 
Effective Dates and Receipt Page. 
Location in which you are interested:              (City, State)  
Date Received:________________________     
                    
ENTITY:   Entity Name:         
Print Name:         
 
Title:          
 
    Signature:         
INDIVIDUALS: All persons signing a Franchise Agreement must sign Receipt (Owners, Partners, Members) 
Signature:       Signature:       
 
Name:        Name:        

Choice Hotels’ Copy 
 
RECEIPT 
 
This Park Inn Hotel  Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other 
information in plain language.  Read this Park Inn Hotel Disclosure Document and all agreements carefully.   
If Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Choice”) offers you a franchise, it must provide this Park Inn Hotel Disclosure 
Document to you 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, Choice or an 
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale. 
New York and Rhode Island require that Choice gives you this Park Inn Hotel Disclosure Document at the earlier of 
the first personal meeting or 10 business days before the execution of the franchise agreement or the payment of any 
consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.  Michigan require s that Choice gives you this Park Inn Hotel 
Disclosure Document at the earlier of 10 business days before the execution of any binding franchise agreement or 
the payment of any consideration. 
If Choice does not deliver this Park Inn Hotel  Disclosure Document on time or if it contains a false or misleading 
statement, or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be reported 
to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580 and the state agency listed in Exhibit B. 
 
Franchise Seller(s): Tom Nee and/or                      ,  
Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600 
North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 
301.592.5000 
 
Issuance Date: April 1, 2025 
 
We authorize the respective agents and/or state agencies identified in Exhibit B to receive service of process for us.  
This Park Inn Hotel Disclosure Document is for use in all states and the District of Columbia (see state Effective Dates 
at the beginning of this document).   
I have received a Park Inn Hotel disclosure document dated April 1, 2025 that included the following Exhibits: (A) 
State-Specific Addenda Pages; (B) Regulatory Authorities; Registered Agents for Service of Process; (C) Financial 
Statements; (D) Franchise Agreement, Personal Guaranty and State Addenda; (E) choiceADVANTAGE® Software 
Terms of Use; (F)  ResConnect Terms of Use; (G) Promissory Note; ( H) Incentive Promissory Note; ( I) Lender 
Documents; (J) Rules and Regulations Table of Contents; ( K) Fair Franchising Policy; ( L) List of Franchisees; ( M) 
List of Former Franchisees; ( N) Comfort Letter; ( O) Franchise Disclosure Acknowledgement Form; and ( P) State 
Effective Dates and Receipt Page. 
 
Location in which you are interested:              (City, State)  
Date Received:________________________                        
 
ENTITY:   Entity Name:         
Print Name:         
 
Title:          
 
    Signature:         
INDIVIDUALS: All persons signing a Franchise Agreement must sign Receipt (Owners, Partners, Members) 
Signature:       Signature:       
 
Name:        Name:        
