Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026   
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., a Delaware corporation  
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600 
North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 
(301) 592-5000 
e-mail: development@choicehotels.com 
https://choicehotelsdevelopment.com 
       
                                                                                       
The franchise offered is for the right to construct and operate a hotel under our name and primary 
business trademark “COMFORT INN®”, “COMFORT SUITES®” or “COMFORT INN & SUITES®” 
(unless stated otherwise, these brands are referred to as “COMFORT”). 
The total investment necessary to convert an existing hotel and begin operation of a COMFORT 
hotel is between $822,951 and $3,335,295, assuming the COMFORT hotel contains 80 guestrooms. The 
total investment necessary to begin operation of a newly constructed COMFORT INN or COMFORT INN 
& SUITES Hotel is between $10,318,405 and $16,302,115 and the total investment necessary to begin 
operation of a newly constructed COMFORT SUITES Hotel is between $11,478,095 and $18,328,875, 
assuming that these Hotels contain 89 guestrooms. These investments include $70,995 to $142,795 that 
must be paid to us or our affiliates.  These sums do not include the cost of any real estate or real estate taxes. 
The table below displays the affiliation fees and estimated initial investments of each COMFORT brand 
franchise. 
Franchise Affiliation Fee Conversion 
Estimated Initial 
Investment 
New Construction 
Estimated Initial 
Investment 
Comfort Inn or 
Comfort Inn & 
Suites 
$500 per room for new 
franchises, $750 per room for 
transfers and renewals ($50,000 
minimum for new franchises, 
$65,000 minimum for transfers 
and renewals) 
$822,951 –  
$3,335,295 
$10,318,405 –  
$16,302,115 
Comfort Suites $500 per room for new 
franchises, $750 per room for 
transfers and renewals ($50,000 
minimum for new franchises, 
$65,000 minimum for transfers 
and renewals) 
$822,951 –  
$3,335,295 
$11,478,095 –  
$18,328,875  


ii 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
This Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of your Franchise Agreement and other 
information in plain English.  Read this Disclosure Document and all accompanying agreements carefully.  
You must receive this Disclosure Document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement 
with, or make any payment to, us or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.  Note, 
however, that no government agency has verified the information contained in this document. 
You may wish to receive your Disclosure Document in another format that is more convenient for 
you. To discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact Jason Cowan, Senior Vice 
President, Franchise Development at 915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, or by 
telephone, at (301) 592-5000. 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship.  Do not rely on the Disclosure 
Document alone to understand your contract.  Read all of your contracts carefully.  Show your contract and 
this Disclosure Document to an advisor, like a lawyer or accountant. 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment.  The information in this Disclosure Document can 
help you make up your mind.  More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to Buying 
a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this Disclosure Document, is available from the 
Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”).  You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the 
FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580.  You can also visit the FTC’s home page 
at www.ftc.gov for additional information on franchising.   
There may also be laws on franchising in your state.  Ask your state agencies about them. 
Issuance Date: April 1, 2026 
 
 
  

iii 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
How To Use This Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Here are some questions you may be asking about buying a franchise and tips on how to 
find more information: 
 
QUESTION WHERE TO FIND INFORMATION 
How much can I earn? 
 
Item 19 may give you information about outlet 
sales, costs, profits or losses. You should also try 
to obtain this information from others, like 
current and former franchisees.  You can find 
their names and contact information in Item 20 or 
Exhibits N or O. 
How much will I need to invest? 
 
Items 5 and 6 list fees you will be paying to the 
franchisor or at the franchisor’s direction. Item 7 
lists the initial investment to open. Item 8 
describes the suppliers you must use. 
Does the franchisor have the financial 
ability to provide support to my 
business? 
 
Item 21 or Exhibit C includes financial 
statements. Review these statements carefully.  
Is the franchise system stable, growing, 
or shrinking? 
 
Item 20 summarizes the recent history of the 
number of company-owned and franchised 
outlets. 
Will my Comfort business be the only 
Comfort business in my area? 
 
Item 12 and the “territory” provisions in the 
franchise agreement describe whether the 
franchisor and other franchisees can compete 
with you. 
 
Does the franchisor have a troubled 
legal history? 
 
Items 3 and 4 tell you whether the franchisor or 
its management have been involved in material 
litigation or bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
What is it like to be a Comfort 
franchisee? 
Item 20 or Exhibits N and O list current and 
former franchisees.  You can contact them to ask 
about their experiences. 
What else should I know? 
 
These questions are only a few things you should 
look for. Review all 23 Items and all Exhibits in 
this Disclosure Document to better understand 
this franchise opportunity. See the table of 
contents. 
 
  

iv 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
What You Need To Know About Franchising Generally 
 
Continuing responsibility to pay fees. You may have to pay royalties and other fees even 
if you are losing money. 
 
Business model can change. The franchise agreement may allow the franchisor to change 
its manuals and business model without your consent. These changes may require you to 
make additional investments in your franchise business or may harm your franchise 
business. 
 
Supplier restrictions. You may have to buy or lease items from the franchisor or a limited 
group of suppliers the franchisor designates. These items may be more expensive than 
similar items you could buy on your own. 
 
Operating restrictions. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a 
similar business during the term of the franchise. There are usually other restrictions. Some 
examples may include controlling your location your access to customers, what you sell, 
how you market and your hours of operation. 
 
Competition from franchisor. Even if the franchise agreement grants you a territory, the 
franchisor may have the right to compete with you in your territory. 
 
Renewal. Your franchise agreement may not permit you to renew. Even if it does, you may 
have to sign a new agreement with different terms and conditions in order to continue to 
operate your franchise business. 
 
When your franchise ends. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a 
similar business after your franchise ends even if you still have obligations to your landlord 
or other creditors. 
 
Some States Require Registration 
 
Your state may have a franchise law, or other law, that requires franchisors to 
register before offering or selling franchises in the state. Registration does not mean that 
the state recommends the franchise or has verified the information in this document. To 
find out if your state has a registration requirement, or to contact your state, use the agency 
information in Exhibit B. 
 
Your state also may have laws that require special disclosures or amendments be 
made to your franchise agreement. If so, you should check the State Specific Addenda. See 
the Table of Contents for the location of the State Specific Addenda.  

v 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
Special Risk(s) to Consider About This Franchise 
 
Certain states require that the following risk(s) be highlighted: 
 
1. Out-of-State Dispute Resolution. The Franchise Agreement requires you to 
resolve disputes with the franchisor by mediation, arbitration, and/or litigation only 
in Maryland.  Out-of-state mediation, arbitration, or litigation may force you to 
accept a less favorable settlement for disputes. It may also cost more to mediate, 
arbitrate, or litigate with the franchisor in Maryland than in your own state. 
 
Certain states may require other risks to be highlighted. Check the “State-Specific 
Addenda” (if any) to see whether your state requires other risks to be highlighted. 
  

vi 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
NOTICE REQUIRED 
BY 
STATE OF MICHIGAN 
 
THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE 
SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS.  IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS 
ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT BE 
ENFORCED AGAINST YOU. 
 
Each of the following provisions is void and unenforceable if contained in any documents relating to a 
franchise: 
 
a) A prohibition of the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees. 
 
 b) A requirement that a franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or 
estoppel which deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act.  This shall not preclude 
a franchisee, after entering into a franchise agreement, from settling any and all claims.   
 
 c) A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration of its 
term except for good cause.  Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply with any 
lawful provisions of the franchise agreement and to cure such failure after being given written notice thereof 
and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure such failure.  
 
 d) A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly 
compensating the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market values at the time of 
expiration of the franchisee’s inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings.  Personalized 
materials which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and 
furnishings not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not subject to compensation.  
This subsection applies only if:  (i) the term of the franchise is less than 5 years and (ii) the franchisee is 
prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from continuing to conduct substantially the same business 
under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype, advertising, or other commercial symbol in 
the same area subsequent to the expiration of the franchise or the franchisee does not receive at least 6 
months advance notice of franchisor’s intent not to renew the franchise.  
 
 e) A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally 
available to other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances.  This section does not 
require a renewal provision. 
 
 f) A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state.  This 
shall not preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to conduct 
arbitration at a location outside this state. 
 
 g) A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a 
franchise, except for good cause.  This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising a right of 
refusal to purchase the franchise.  Good cause shall include, but is not limited to: 
 
(i) The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor’s then current 
reasonable qualifications or standards.  
 
(ii) The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or 
subfranchisor.  

vii 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
 
(iii) The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with 
all lawful obligations. 
 
(iv) The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the 
franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of 
the proposed transfer. 
 
 h) A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not 
uniquely identified with the franchisor.  This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a 
franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and conditions as a 
bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision 
that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or appraised value of 
such assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed 
to cure the breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c). 
 
i) A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or 
otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has been 
made for providing the required contractual services. 
 
THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE 
ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION, OR 
ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL. 
  

viii 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
ITEM PAGE  
ITEM 1   THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES .......... 1 
ITEM 2   BUSINESS EXPERIENCE ....................................................................................................... 6 
ITEM 3   LITIGATION .......................................................................................................................... 12 
ITEM 4   BANKRUPTCY ...................................................................................................................... 22 
ITEM 5   INITIAL FEES ........................................................................................................................ 22 
ITEM 6   OTHER FEES ......................................................................................................................... 25 
ITEM 7   ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT ................................................................................ 39 
ITEM 8   RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES .................................. 39 
ITEM 9   FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS ......................................................................................... 52 
ITEM 10   FINANCING ........................................................................................................................... 54 
ITEM 11   FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND 
TRAINING…………………………………………………………………………………...58 
ITEM 12   TERRITORY........................................................................................................................... 72 
ITEM 13   TRADEMARKS ..................................................................................................................... 73 
ITEM 14   PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION .................................. 75 
ITEM 15   OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE 
FRANCHISE BUSINESS ....................................................................................................... 76 
ITEM 16   RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL .......................................... 76 
ITEM 17   RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION .................... 77 
ITEM 18   PUBLIC FIGURES ................................................................................................................. 82 
ITEM 19   FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS ....................................................... 82 
ITEM 20   OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION ............................................................... 87 
ITEM 21   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ................................................................................................ 98 
ITEM 22   CONTRACTS ......................................................................................................................... 99 
ITEM 23   RECEIPT ................................................................................................................................. 99 
 
EXHIBITS 
EXHIBIT A   STATE-SPECIFIC ADDENDA PAGES 
EXHIBIT B   REGULATORY AUTHORITIES; REGISTERED AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF 
PROCESS 
EXHIBIT C   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
EXHIBIT D   FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, PERSONAL GUARANTY AND STATE ADDENDA 
EXHIBIT E   choiceADVANTAGE® SOFTWARE TERMS OF USE 
EXHIBIT F   RESCONNECT TERMS OF USE 
EXHIBIT G  PROMISSORY NOTE 
EXHIBIT H    INCENTIVE PROMISSORY NOTE 
Exhibit H.A. – Capital Support Incentive Promissory Note 
                Exhibit H.B. – Incentive Promissory Note 
EXHIBIT I    LENDER DOCUMENTS 
EXHIBIT J  RULES AND REGULATIONS TABLE OF CONTENTS 
EXHIBIT K  FAIR FRANCHISING POLICY 
EXHIBIT L  INCREMENTAL IMPACT POLICY 
EXHIBIT M  FRANCHISEE ASSOCIATION INFORMATION 
EXHIBIT N  LIST OF FRANCHISEES 
EXHIBIT O   LIST OF FORMER FRANCHISEES 
EXHIBIT P  COMFORT LETTER 
EXHIBIT Q  FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACKNOWLEDGMENT FORM 
EXHIBIT R STATE EFFECTIVE DATES AND RECEIPT 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
1 
ITEM 1 
 
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
 
To simplify the language in this Disclosure Document, “we,” “us,” “our,” “Choice” or “Choice 
Hotels” means Choice Hotels International, Inc., the franchisor.  “We,” “us,” “our,” “Choice” or “Choice 
Hotels” does not include the employees, officers, directors or shareholders of Choice.  “You” means the 
person who buys the franchise.  “You” may be an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability 
company or other legal entity, or may include the principal owners of such entity or entities if an owner of 
you is required to sign a personal guarantee and be personally bound by your obligations under the franchise 
agreement. 
This Disclosure Document is for the right to own and/or operate a COMFORT INN®, COMFORT 
INN & SUITES®, or COMFORT SUITES® branded hotel (“COMFORT” or “COMFORT Marks”). 
We do business under the following primary Choice Hotels trademarks among others:  ASCEND®, 
CAMBRIA®, CLARION®, CLARION POINTE®, COMFORT®, COUNTRY INN & SUITES® BY 
RADISSON, ECONO LODGE®, EVERHOME SUITES®, MAINSTAY SUITES®, PARK INN® BY 
RADISSON, PARK PLAZA®, QUALITY®, RADISSON®, RADISSON BLU®, RADISSON 
INDIVIDUALS®, RADISSON RED®, RODEWAY INN®, SLEEP® SUBURBAN STUDIOS® and 
WOODSPRING SUITES®.   
The Franchisor and Our Business. 
We are a Delaware corporation formed under the name Quality Courts Motels, Inc.  We changed 
our corporate name to Choice Hotels International, Inc. on July 25, 1990.  From November 1, 1996 to 
October 15, 1997, our corporate name was Choice Hotels Franchising, Inc.  Our corporate name has been 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. since October 15, 1997.  Our principal business address (as well as the 
principal place of business of the Radisson companies listed in this Item 1) is 915 Meeting Street, Suite 
600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852. Our agents for service of process are disclosed in Exhibit B of this 
Disclosure Document. 
Our business began in 1939 when seven independent motel owners in Florida met to discuss how 
they could better satisfy the needs of their customers.  Over the next few years, the group continued to meet 
and share best practices.  In 1941, the group formalized its relationship by creating a membership 
association called Quality Courts United, thereby creating the nation’s first hotel chain.  The vision of the 
members of Quality Courts United was to develop quality and other standards for their customers, as well 
as to refer guests to each other’s motels. 
In January 1963, the organization officially became a for-profit corporation operating under the 
name Quality Courts Motels, Inc.  Shortly thereafter, a training school, a central reservations system and 
hotel directory were added to the organization.  Since that time, the company has changed its name to 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. and has expanded and further developed the Choice franchise system of 
hotels through the development of additional hotel brands and expansion into new markets. 
Our indirect subsidiaries have conducted international franchise operations through a combination 
of direct franchising and master franchising or master development relationships since approximately 1958. 
Our indirect subsidiary, Choice Hotels Licensing B.V. (“Choice BV”), a private limited liability company 
formed in the Netherlands on June 8, 2000, has been a franchisor or a master franchisor of our various 
Choice hotel brands internationally. Since July 2024, we have been the franchisor of our brands in the 
Caribbean and Latin America region.  Our international operations are primarily conducted in the following 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
2 
countries and territories, as organized by region: (1) Asia-Pacific - Australia, China, India, Japan, and New 
Zealand, and these have been mainly our ASCEND, CLARION, COMFORT, ECONO LODGE, 
MAINSTAY SUITES, and QUALITY INN brands; (2) Europe & Middle East – Andorra, Austria, Czech 
Republic, Denmark, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
Lithuania, Norway, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Turkey, and the United Kingdom, and these have 
been mainly our ASCEND, CLARION, COMFORT, ECONO LODGE, and QUALITY INN brands; and 
(3) Latin America & Canada – Argentina, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Bolivia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, 
Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Grenada, Guatemala, Honduras, 
Mexico, Panama, Peru, Puerto Rico, Sint Maarten, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, Uruguay, and U.S. 
Virgin Islands, and these have been our ASCEND, CLARION, COMFORT, COUNTRY INN & SUITES, 
ECONO LODGE, MAINSTAY SUITES, PARK INN, RADISSON, RADISSON BLU, RADISSON 
INDIVIDUALS, RADISSON RED, RODEWAY, QUALITY INN, and SLEEP INN brands.  Choice BV’s 
wholly owned subsidiary, Choice Hotels France, S.A.S. (a French company incorporated in France on 
November 23, 2006), conducts franchise operations in France.  Choice BV’s wholly owned subsidiary, 
Choice Hotels Asia-Pac Pty. Ltd. (an Australia company incorporated on March 30, 1998), conducts 
franchise operations in Australia and New Zealand.  Prior to June 2025, Choice (through direct or indirect 
subsidiaries) franchised the following brands in Canada: CAMBRIA, COUNTRY INN & SUITES® BY 
RADISSON, EVERHOME, MAINSTAY, PARK INN BY RADISSON, RADISSON BLU, 
RADISSON®, RADISSON INDIVIDUALS, SUBURBAN STUDIOS and WOODSPRING.  For its other 
brands (ASCEND COLLECTION, COMFORT, CLARION, ECONO LODGE, QUALITY, RODEWAY 
INN, and SLEEP INN brands) these were franchised pursuant to a master franchise agreement with Choice 
Hotels Canada, Inc. (“CHC”) a corporation incorporated on May 21, 2008 under the laws of the Province 
of Ontario, pursuant to a master franchise agreement. CHC was equally owned by Choice Hotels 
International Licensing ULC, a company formed in May 2008 under the laws of the Province of Alberta, 
Canada, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Choice BV, and by InnVest Management Holdings Limited. In 
July 2025, Choice acquired the remaining 50% stake in CHC from InnVest Hotels, taking full ownership 
to transition from a master franchising model to a direct, 100% owned model.  These brands are now 
franchised directly by a direct or indirect subsidiary of Choice.  As of December 31, 2025, there were 
approximately 1,388 Choice franchised hotels operating in these various countries.   
In 2013, we established a subsidiary, SkyTouch Solutions, LLC, that developed and marketed 
cloud-based technology products, including inventory management, pricing and connectivity to third party 
channels, to hoteliers who do not have franchise agreements with us. Prior to the dissolution of this entity 
on December 31, 2025, all trademarks, assets, and liabilities were assigned to Choice.  
 
Choice Privileges Loyalty Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company formed on June 
12, 2017, formerly owned, operated, and administered the Choice Privileges® guest rewards program. We 
assumed the ownership and operation rights of the program on December 31, 2024.  
 
On August 11, 2022, Choice completed its purchase of Radisson Hospitality, LLC pursuant to a 
Share Sale and Purchase Agreement dated June 12, 2022 (“Purchase Agreement”).  Under the Purchase 
Agreement, Choice purchased 100% of Radisson Holdings, Inc.’s equity interest in Radisson Hospitality, 
LLC (a Minnesota limited liability company originally incorporated as Radisson Hospitality, Inc. on March 
3, 1998, and converted to a limited liability company on December 26, 2023) and its subsidiaries 
(collectively, “Radisson”).  Radisson is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Choice. 
Radisson was a hospitality franchisor of the following portfolio of brands that were the subject of 
the Purchase Agreement: Radisson Collection®; Radisson Blu®; Radisson®; Radisson RED®; Radisson 
Individuals®; Radisson Inn & Suites®; Park Plaza®; Park Inn® by Radisson; and Country Inn & Suites® 
by Radisson (the “Radisson Brands”). Radisson owned the rights to these brands in the United States, 
Canada, Latin America, and the Caribbean (the “Americas”). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Choice 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
3 
did not purchase any interest in Radisson Hotel Group, which owns the rights to Radisson Hotels in Europe, 
the Middle East, Africa, and Asia Pacific. As a part of the purchase, we also acquired Radisson Hotels 
Management Company, LLC (originally incorporated as Radisson Hotels Management Corporation in 1979 
under the laws of New Jersey), which manages several Radisson Brand hotels owned by us or other 
unrelated parties.  (See Item 1 below.) 
 
Except as set forth in this Item 1, we do not have any other parents, predecessors or affiliates that 
must be disclosed. 
COMFORT Hotels. 
We have franchised limited service, upper mid-scale hotels under the trademark COMFORT 
(“COMFORT hotels”) since 1981.  COMFORT provides a warm atmosphere and personal, helpful service, 
including breakfast, in-room coffee and high-speed internet access.  We offer COMFORT hotels under the 
following trademarks: 
 COMFORT INN – a mid-scale, limited service hotel with a minimum of 60 rooms; 
 COMFORT INN & SUITES – a mid-scale, limited service hotel with at least 25% suites, 
but not more than 50% suites; and 
 COMFORT SUITES – a mid-scale, limited service, all-suites hotel that features oversized 
rooms with partially divided sleeping and seating areas. 
Neither we, nor any current affiliate or predecessor, has owned or operated a COMFORT hotel.  
Sunburst Hospitality Corporation, which was our affiliate until October 15, 1997, has owned and operated 
COMFORT hotels. 
The information in this Disclosure Document applies to both new construction and conversion of 
existing hotels, except where otherwise disclosed in this Disclosure Document.  The Franchise Agreement 
authorizes you to use the COMFORT trade name and service marks to operate and to identify the class of 
hotel facility, and permits you to use the distinctive identity, trade dress, methods and system for conducting 
the hotel business at the franchised hotel. 
Your receipt of this Disclosure Document does not mean that you will be approved as a franchisee 
or that you may develop or open any of our franchised hotels.  Before you may develop and open any of 
our franchised hotels, we must approve you as a franchisee, we must approve the location of your proposed 
hotel, you must attend and successfully complete our training programs, we and you must sign the Franchise 
Agreement (Exhibit D), and you must pay the affiliation fee.  You should not acquire any interest in a site 
for a hotel franchise until, at the earliest, you are approved by us as a franchisee. 
General Market and Competition. 
The market for hotel services is generally well developed but will largely depend on your hotel’s 
location, size and type of operation (for example, resort location, hotel for frequent business travelers, etc.).  
Franchisees typically seek customers and business referrals from the local community and solicit business 
from tour and travel groups on a regional and national level.  Depending on the location of the hotel, sales 
may increase or decrease significantly on a seasonal basis. 
Your competitors will include other chain-affiliated hotels (including our hotel brands) and 
independent hotels and motels in the area where your hotel is located.  You may also face competition from 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
4 
vacation rental properties, such as VRBO and Airbnb.   
Other Choice Hotels Brands. 
We franchise other hotel brands under the Choice Marks as defined in Item 13.  We have franchised 
full service, mid-priced hotels under the trademark QUALITY INN since 1968 and under the trademark 
CLARION since 1987.  QUALITY INN provides an accommodating environment, friendly service and a 
continental breakfast. All-suites hotels within the QUALITY brand are known as QUALITY SUITES 
hotels.  CLARION-branded hotels offer guests a quality of service, amenities and inviting atmosphere 
associated with finer hotels, but at an affordable price.  These hotels offer free high-speed internet access, 
and most locations offer a full-service restaurant, room service, swimming pool and fitness center. In 2018, 
we began franchising limited-service hotels under the trademark CLARION POINTE, which offer 
affordable accommodations with comfortable, contemporary rooms, free high-speed internet access, and a 
free better-for-you breakfast.  
We have franchised limited service, mid-scale hotels under the trademark SLEEP INN since 1987.  
We also have franchised limited service, economy and budget hotels under the trademark ECONO LODGE 
since 1990 and under the trademark RODEWAY INN since 1990, respectively.  SLEEP INN branded hotels 
provide exceptional service and value in a familiar atmosphere with carefully maintained facilities.  SLEEP 
INN branded hotels that contain at least 10% suites may operate under the SLEEP INN & SUITES 
trademark.  ECONO LODGE branded hotels provide a comfortable stay at a great value for business and 
leisure travelers.  RODEWAY INN branded hotels are budget segment hotels for value-oriented travelers 
that offer a welcoming and efficient environment at an economy price. 
We have franchised extended stay, limited-service hotels under the trademark MAINSTAY 
SUITES® since 1996 and under the trademark SUBURBAN® since 2005 and SUBURBAN STUDIOS® 
since 2022.  MAINSTAY SUITES offers residential style amenities and affordable rates.  Each 
MAINSTAY SUITES hotel room offers ample space for an extended stay, with areas for dressing, relaxing, 
sleeping and eating, and includes a well-equipped kitchen.  SUBURBAN or SUBURBAN STUDIOS offers 
competitive rates for stays of one week or more.  Rooms at a SUBURBAN property are spacious and feature 
a well-equipped kitchen and free high-speed internet access.   
We acquired the WOODSPRING SUITES brand from WoodSpring Hotels Franchise Services 
LLC, a Kansas limited liability company (“WHFS”) in 2018. From 2004 to April 2015, WHFS offered 
extended-stay franchises under the name “VALUE PLACE,” and in 2015 WHFS changed the brand to 
“WOODSPRING SUITES.” We began offering franchises under the trademark WOODSPRING SUITES 
in February 2018.  WOODSPRING SUITES hotels are extended stay, limited services hotels that offer 
customers the value of a furnished room with kitchen facilities, together with terms and conditions, services 
and amenities associated with extended-stay hotels, including easy check-in, one-week stays, and periodic 
housekeeping. 
We began offering EVERHOME SUITES franchises in November 2019. EVERHOME SUITES 
offers in the mid-scale space studio and larger one-bedroom options, all of which include a fully equipped, 
modern kitchen complete with a full-sized refrigerator, dishwasher, stovetop, microwave, and ample 
counter space. Dishes, utensils, glassware, and cookware will be provided in room for free to enable guests 
to cook their own meals. Small appliances, such as blenders, crockpots, and electric indoor grills, will be 
available to rent at the front desk. 
We have franchised hotels under the trademark CAMBRIA since 2004.  CAMBRIA is an upscale, 
select-service hotel brand designed for guests who want to take their lifestyle with them when traveling.  
CAMBRIA branded hotels feature a stylish design that creates a unique sense of place, within our design 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
5 
framework—optimized for operational excellence, financial performance and guest appeal.   
We also offer hotels under the trademark ASCEND, which is a special group of resort, historic and 
boutique hotels that have a strong local identity and share a common commitment to outstanding guest 
service.  ASCEND member hotels range from historic to themed to contemporary and offer amenities, 
including operation of an onsite, upscale dining restaurant or are located within one city block of an upscale 
dining restaurant.  From April 1, 2005 through April 30, 2008, we offered franchises for a similar concept 
under the trademark CLARION COLLECTION.  As of December 31, 2025, there were three CLARION 
COLLECTION franchises open in the United States. ASCEND member hotels typically will be conversions 
of existing hotels that retain their existing name followed by the words, “ASCEND COLLECTION” or 
“ASCEND RESORT COLLECTION” for local marketing and signage purposes. 
We began offering franchises for COUNTRY INN & SUITES BY RADISSON through our 
subsidiary in August 2022 and directly since April 2023.  Previously, Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, 
Inc. (“CIS Radisson”), a Minnesota corporation incorporated on July 22, 1986, conducted business under 
the corporate name Country Inns & Suites By Carlson, Inc., and granted franchises under the trade names 
“Country Inns & Suites By Carlson,” “Country Inn By Carlson” and “Country Suites By Carlson” from 
1987 until September 29, 2017.  On September 29, 2017, the corporate name was changed to Country Inn 
& Suites by Radisson, Inc. and it began conducting business and granting franchises under the trade names 
“Country Inns & Suites by Radisson” from that date and until March 2023.  Country Inn & Suites 
exemplifies “modern country warmth”, offering a heartfelt experience to travelers through inviting design, 
premium touches, and genuine service. Guests can expect a mix of spacious standard and suite 
accommodations along with free amenities like a hot breakfast, all-day coffee and tea, freshly baked cookies 
in the afternoon, Wi-Fi, printer access, a fitness facility, and cozy seating by the living room fireplace.   
We began offering RADISSON franchises through our subsidiary in August 2022 and directly since 
April 2023.  From 1983 to 2023, Radisson Hotels International, Inc. (“Radisson International”), a Delaware 
corporation incorporated on August 15, 1983, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Radisson Hospitality, LLC 
(formerly, Radisson Hospitality, Inc.), franchised hotels under the RADISSON brand.  RADISSON is a 
full service hotel brand that offers functional guestrooms, upscale on-site services such as modern fitness 
facilities, restaurants and bars, and free Wi-Fi. RADISSON franchises are offered for three different classes, 
each aimed at a slightly different segment of travelers:  resort class; suite class; and hotel class.  Some of 
the differences between these classes are the location and size of the RADISSON hotel and the size and 
type of the guestrooms in the hotel.   
We began offering RADISSON BLU franchises through our subsidiary in August 2022 and directly 
since April 2023.  From 2015 to 2023, Radisson International franchised hotels under the RADISSON BLU 
brand.  RADISSON BLU hotels offer upper upscale accommodations with minimalist design, prioritizing 
comfort and distinctiveness in the guestrooms, unique dining concepts, multipurpose workspaces with 
complimentary Wi-Fi, smart TVs, and wellness facilities. RADISSON BLU transcends the ordinary and 
offers a stay that combines style with substance, innovation with comfort and a sense of belonging in an 
elevated environment.  
 
We began offering RADISSON INDIVIDUALS in April 2024.  From June 2020 to August 2022, 
Radisson International franchised hotels under the RADISSON INDIVIDUALS brand. RADISSON 
INDIVIDUALS brings together independent and boutique hotels that spark our guests’ innate curiosity for 
the untold stories our hotels, and their destinations have to offer. RADISSON INDIVIDUALS offers upper 
upscale on-site services such as restaurants and bars, wellness facilities and free Wi-Fi, ensuring guests feel 
inspired and welcomed as they embark on their journey.  
 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
6 
We began offering franchises under the name PARK INN and PARK INN BY RADISSON through 
our subsidiary in August 2022 and directly since April 2023.  From 2000 to 2023, Park Hospitality LLC 
(“Park”), a Delaware limited liability company organized on June 13, 2000, and which was formerly a 
wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Radisson Hospitality, LLC, operated and  franchised hotels under the 
name PARK INN or PARK INN BY RADISSON. 
 
Radisson previously offered or sold franchises for the RADISSON COLLECTION, RADISSON 
RED, PARK PLAZA and RADISSON INN & SUITES brands. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, 
we are not actively offering or selling franchises for these brands, although this may change in the future. 
As of December 31, 2025, the following Choice Brands were open and operating in the United 
States:  184 ASCEND hotels; 65 CAMBRIA hotels; 93 CLARION hotels; 3 CLARION COLLECTION 
hotels; 79 CLARION POINTE hotels; 1,643 COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES, and 
COMFORT SUITES hotels; 397 COUNTRY hotels; 599 ECONO LODGE hotels; 10 EVERHOME 
SUITES hotels; 143 MAINSTAY SUITES hotels; 14 PARK INN hotels; 0 PARK PLAZA hotels; 1,566 
QUALITY hotels; 40 RADISSON hotels; 1 RADISSON BLU hotels; 0 RADISSON INDIVIDUALS 
hotels; 0 RADISSON INN & SUITES hotels; 0 RADISSON RED hotels; 432 RODEWAY INN hotels; 
402 SLEEP INN and SLEEP INN & SUITES hotels; 114 SUBURBAN hotels; and 284 WOODSPRING 
SUITES hotels. The above excludes the following hotels that Choice operates, but does not own:  6 
RADISSON hotels located in Phoenix, Arizona; Sunnyvale, California; Nashville, Tennessee; Salt Lake 
City, Utah; Seattle, Washington; and La Crosse, Wisconsin; 1 RADISSON BLU hotel located in Chicago, 
Illinois; and 2 COUNTRY INN & SUITES BY RADISSON hotels located in San Diego, California; and 
Bothell, Washington. Not included in this list are 11 CAMBRIA hotels and 15 EVERHOME SUITES 
hotels owned by Choice, which are operated by third party management companies.  Choice intends to 
franchise all company-owned CAMBRIA hotels in the near future.  Also not included are the following 
hotels that Choice owns and operates: a RADISSON BLU hotel located in Bloomington, Minnesota; a 
COUNTRY INN & SUITES BY RADISSON hotel located in Bloomington, Minnesota; and a RADISSON 
RED hotel located in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 
Industry Specific Laws and Regulations. 
Your franchised hotel will be subject to significant federal, state and local laws and regulations 
applicable to businesses generally and those specific to the hotel industry, including regulations regarding 
zoning and building, occupational health and safety, labor, licensing and bonding, food, insurance, 
advertising, liquor licenses, sales, income and other taxes, the Americans with Disabilities Act, privacy and 
data collection, and posting of hotel room rates and registration and identification of guests.  There may be 
other laws and regulations applicable to the hotel industry or businesses generally, with which you must 
comply.  You should consult with your attorney concerning these laws and regulations. 
Except as described in this Item 1, we have not offered franchises in any other line of business, and 
we do not engage in any franchise business not related to those described in this Item 1. 
ITEM 2 
 
BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
 
OFFICERS 
Director, President and Chief Executive Officer: Patrick S. Pacious 
Mr. Pacious has been a Director, President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2017. He 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
7 
is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Chief Human Resources Officer: Patrick J. Cimerola 
Mr. Cimerola has been Chief Human Resources Officer since 2015.  He is based in our North 
Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.  
Chief Development Officer: David A. Pepper 
Mr. Pepper has been Senior Vice President, Chief Development Officer since May 2015.  He is 
based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.   
Executive Vice President, Operations and Chief Global Brand Officer: Dominic E. Dragisich 
Mr. Dragisich has been Executive Vice President Operations and Chief Global Brand Officer since 
August 2023.  Previously, he was Chief Financial Officer from March 2017 to August 2023.  He is based 
in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.   
 
Chief Financial Officer: Scott E. Oaksmith 
Mr. Oaksmith has been Chief Financial Officer since September 2023.  Previously, he was Senior 
Vice President, Real Estate and Finance from March 2020 to September 2023.  He is based in our North 
Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.   
Chief Segment and International Operations Officer: Raul Ramirez Sanchez 
 Mr. Ramirez Sanchez has been Chief Segment and International Operations Officer since August 
2023.  Previously, he was Chief Strategy and International Operations Officer from October 2021 to August 
2023.  He was Senior Vice President, Head of International, Corporate Strategic and Financial Planning for 
Choice from June 2020 to October 2021. He is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.   
Chief Marketing Officer: Noha Abdalla 
 Ms. Abdalla has been Chief Marketing Officer since August 2022.  Previously, she was Chief 
Marketing Officer of MyEye Dr., a company based in Vienna, Virginia, from November 2020 to August 
2022. She was Global Vice President, Digital and Content Marketing of Hilton Hotels & Resorts, a 
company based in McLean, Virginia, from July 2020 to November 2020, and Global Vice President, Social 
Media of Hilton from July 2018 to July 2020.  
Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President, Technology: Anna Scozzafava 
 Ms. Scozzafava has been Chief Strategy Officer and Senior Vice President, Technology since 
August 2023.  Previously, she was Vice President and GM of Extended Stay from June 2019 to August 
2023.  She is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary: Jeff Lobb 
 Mr. Lobb has been Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since March 
2026. Previously, he was Deputy General Counsel from February 2017 to March 2026 and Assistant 
Secretary from September 2015 to March 2026.  He is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate 
office. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
8 
OTHER EXECUTIVES WITH MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY RELATING TO THE SALE 
OR OPERATION OF OUR FRANCHISES 
Chief Information Officer: Brian Kirkland 
Mr. Kirkland has been Chief Information Officer since July 2021.  Previously, he was Chief 
Technology Officer from January 2018 to July 2021.  He is based in our Scottsdale, Arizona corporate 
office. 
Chief Commercial Officer: Joshua Sloser 
 Mr. Sloser has been Chief Commercial Officer since September 2025.  Previously, he was Senior 
Vice President Customer & Commercial Innovation for McDonald’s from December 2023 to July 2025, 
and Vice President Product & Customer Experience from October 2020 to December 2023.  He is based in 
our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.   
Senior Vice President & General Manager, Upscale Brands Division: Indy Adenaw 
 Mr. Adenaw has been Senior Vice President & General Manager, Upscale Brands Division, of 
Choice since June 2023.  Previously, he was Managing Director of Kayak Hotels from March 2022 to April 
2023. From June 2010 to June 2020, he was with Marriott International, a company based in Bethesda, 
Maryland, in various roles in the company with the last position serving as Vice President and Global Brand 
Leader, Sheraton Hotels and Resorts, which is owned by Marriott International.  He is based in our North 
Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Senior Vice President and General Manager, Core Brands: Judd Wadholm 
 Mr. Wadholm has been Senior Vice President and General Manager Core Brands since April 
2024.  Previously, he was Vice President Choice Managed Hotels from February 2020 to March 2024.  He 
is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Vice President, Upscale Brands and Chief Sustainability Officer: Megan Brumagim 
Ms. Brumagim has been Vice President, Upscale Brands and Chief Sustainability Officer since 
October 2024.  Previously, she was Vice President, Sustainability from March 2022 to October 2024.  She 
was Vice President, Brand Management, Design and Compliance from June 2019 to March 2022.  She is 
based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.    
Senior Vice President, Upscale Development: Mark Shalala 
Mr. Shalala has been Senior Vice President, Upscale Development since January 2020.  He is based 
in his home office in North Bethesda, Maryland.  
Senior Vice President, Extended Stay Development: Ron Burgett 
 Mr. Burgett has been Senior Vice President, Extended Stay Development since January 2020.  He 
is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.  
Senior Vice President, Signature Development: Jason Cowan 
Mr. Cowan has been Senior Vice President, Signature Development since January 2020. He is 
based in his home office located in Kennesaw, Georgia. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
9 
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development: Nick DePaolo 
 Mr. DePaolo has been Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since January 2017. He is 
based in his home office located in Chicago, Illinois. 
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development: Anthony Goldstein 
 Mr. Goldstein has been Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since January 2020.  He is 
based in his home office located in San Diego, California.   
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development: Hemant Patel 
 Mr. Patel has been a Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since January 2023.  Previously, 
he was a Vice President, Franchise Development for Choice from February 2021 to December 2022.  He 
was a Regional Vice President, Franchise Development for Choice from January 2020 to February 2021.  
He is based in his home office located in Tallahassee, Florida. 
 
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development: Scott Andrews 
 Mr. Andrews has been Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since July 2019.  He is based 
in our Scottsdale, Arizona corporate office.   
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development: Jamey Cua 
Mr. Cua has been Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since November 2022.  Previously, 
he was Vice President, Business Development for Peachtree Hospitality Management, a company based in 
Atlanta, Georgia, from November 2020 to December 2022.  He was Senior Vice President, Managed 
Development for Sage Hospitality, based in Denver, Colorado, from January 2018 to November 2020.  He 
is based in his home office located in Columbus, Ohio.  
Vice President, Franchise Sales Development: Chris Stanley 
Mr. Stanley has been Vice President, Franchise Sales Development since July 2023.  Previously, 
he was Regional Vice President, Franchise Sales Development from November 2021 to July 2023. He was 
self-employed as a private consultant from August 2020 to October 2021.  He was Vice President, Regional 
Development for Radisson Hotel Group, located in St. Louis Park, Minnesota, from January 2018 to July 
2020.  He is based in his home office located in Phoenix, Arizona. 
Vice President, Franchise Development Strategic Programs: John Lancaster 
 Mr. Lancaster has been Vice President, Franchise Development Strategic Programs since July 
2020.  Previously, he was Regional Vice President, Franchise Development from January 2020 to June 
2020.  He is based in his home office located in Phoenix, Arizona. 
Vice President, Foundation Brands Development: Christopher Martinez 
 Mr. Martinez has been a Vice President, Foundations Brands Development since January 2023.  
Previously, he was a Regional Vice President Development for Choice from January 2020 to January 2023.  
Chris is based in his home office in Tampa, Florida.    
 
Vice President, Development: Robert Scribner 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
10 
  
           Mr. Scribner has been Vice President of Development since January 2025. Previously, he was a 
Regional Vice President Coach from September 2024 to January 2025. He was a Regional Vice President, 
Franchise Development from January 2020 to January 2025. He is based in his home office located in 
Miami, Florida. 
 
Vice President, Development: Ryan Wold 
 
 Mr. Wold has been Vice President, Development since January 2025.  Previously, he was Regional 
Vice President of Development from February 2018 to December 2024. He is based in his home office 
located in Spokane, Washington.   
 
Vice President, Franchisee Onboarding and Learning: Timothy Tobin 
Mr. Tobin has been Vice President, Franchisee Onboarding and Learning since February 2018.  He 
is based in our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Vice President, Extended Stay Brand Management: Matt McElhare 
 Mr. McElhare has been Vice President, Extended Stay Brand Management since January 2024.  
Previously, he was Senior Director, Extended Stay Brands from September 2021 to January 2024.  He was 
Director, Extended Stay Strategy & Operations from November 2018 to September 2021.  He is based in 
our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Vice President, Franchise Performance: Curtis Osekowsky 
 Mr. Osekowsky has been Vice President, Franchise Performance since July 2022.  Previously, he 
was a Vice President, Franchise Services for Choice from September 2018 to June 2022.  He is based in 
our North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.  
Vice President, Global Sales: Kaaren Hamilton 
 Ms. Hamilton has served as Vice President, Global Sales since November 2025. Previously, she 
was AVP, Commercial at Hyatt Hotels Corporation from September 2023 to November 2025, and Vice 
President of Global Sales at Sonesta Hotels from August 2018 to August 2023. 
Senior Vice President, Portfolio Management: Tom Nee 
 
 Mr. Nee has been Senior Vice President, Portfolio Management since January 2026.  Previously, 
he was Senior Vice President, Foundation Development from January 2017 through January 2026.  He is 
based in his home office in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 
Senior Director, Portfolio Management OPS: Cameron Raines 
 Mr. Raines has been Senior Director, Portfolio Management OPS since January 2026.  Previously, 
he was Director, Strategic Retention from August 2018 through December 2025. He is based in our North 
Bethesda, Maryland corporate office. 
Senior Director, Portfolio Management Renewals and Relicensing: Dennis Wynn 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
11 
 Mr. Wynn has been Senior Director, Portfolio Management Renewals and Relicensing since 
January 2026. Prior to that, he served as a Vice President-Franchise Sales & Development East from 
September 2019 to June 2025. He is based out of his home office in Georgia. 
Senior Director, Onboarding Services: Colleen Kruse 
 Ms. Kruse has been Senior Director, Onboarding Services since January 2020.  She is based in our 
North Bethesda, Maryland corporate office.  
DIRECTORS 
Chairman of the Board: Stewart W. Bainum, Jr. 
Mr. Bainum has been a Director and Chairman of the Board of Choice Hotels since October 1997.  
He has been Managing Member of Artis Senior Living, LLC, a developer-owner-operator of assisted living 
residences in McLean, Virginia, since 2012.  In addition, he has been Director White Oak Legacy, Inc. 
(f/k/a Realty Investment Company, Inc.), a real estate and investment based in Silver Spring, Maryland 
from December 2005 through December 2016 and Chairman from December 2005 through June 2009.   
Director: Brian B. Bainum 
 Mr. Bainum has been a Director since April 2019.  He has been the Chairman of White Oak 
Enterprises in Fulton, Maryland, since January 2024, and a Member and Chairman of Artis Senior Living, 
LLC in McLean, Virginia since December 2022.  Previously, he was a Management Consultant and 
Director of SunBridge Capital Management, LLC, in Chevy Chase, Maryland from January 2017 to 
December 2023.       
Director: Ervin R. Shames  
Mr. Shames has been a Director since April 2002.  He has been an independent management advisor 
to consumer goods and services companies based out of Wilton, Connecticut since January 1995. 
Director: William L. Jews  
Mr. Jews has been a Director since March 2006 and was also a Director from 2000 to 2005.  Mr. 
Jews was the former President and CEO of CareFirst, Inc. from 1993 until 2006.  He currently serves on 
the Boards of Directors of CACI International Inc., KCI Technologies Inc., the Signal 13 Police Foundation 
for Baltimore City, and Caves Valley.   
Director: John P. Tague 
Mr. Tague has been a Director since February 2012.  Mr. Tague is the retired President, CEO and 
Director of Hertz Global Holdings in Naples, Florida from November 2014 to January 2017.  Previously, 
he was Chief Executive Officer of Greatwide Logistics Services, Inc., in Dallas, Texas, from July 2011 to 
October 2014.  
Director: Monte J. M. Koch 
 Mr. Koch has been a Director since March 2014.   He has been a Director of the National Business 
Aviation Association located in Washington, D.C. since November 2005, and a Director of Gogo Inc. since 
July 2024.  

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
12 
Director: Liza K. Landsman 
 Ms. Landsman has been a Director since October 2014.  She has been the Chief Executive Officer 
of The Points Guy in New York, New York since April 2025.  Previously, she was the Venture Partner of 
the New Enterprise Associates in New York, New York from April 2018 to March 2020, and General 
Partner from March 2020 to June 2025. Prior to that, she was the Chief Executive Officer of Stash in New 
York, New York from October 2022 to October 2024.    
Director: Maureen M. Sullivan 
 Ms. Sullivan has been a Director since November 2018. She has been a Partner at the Chernin 
Group in New York, New York since April 2021.  Previously, she was President and Chief Operating 
Officer at Heyday Skincare in New York, New York from September 2020 to March 2021.  Prior to that, 
she was Chief Operating Officer of Rent the Runway, Inc. in New York, New York from September 2015 
to March 2020. 
Director: Donna F. Vieira 
 Ms. Vieira has been a Director since July 2021.  She has been an Executive Vice President and 
Chief Commercial Officer at Sallie Mae in Newark, Delaware since September 2020.  
Director: Gordan A. Smith 
 Mr. Smith has been a Director since May 2022 and was a Director of Choice from 2004 to 2017.  
He is the former Co-President and Chief Operating Officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. based in New York, 
New York, from June 2007 until retiring in January 2022.  He was previously CEO of Consumer & 
Community Banking at JP Morgan Chase from 2012 to 2021.   
ITEM 3 
 
LITIGATION 
I. PENDING LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION DEMANDS 
 
(1) Norma Knuth v. Radisson Hotels International, Inc., et al.  
Court of Queen’s Bench for Saskatchewan, Court File No. QBG No. 2560 of 2014 
 
On December 5, 2014, Norma Knuth filed a complaint under the Class Actions Act against over 
25 named defendants, including Country, alleging that the defendants wrongfully collected undisclosed 
destination marketing fees (“DMF”) charged to the plaintiff and other class members by hotels located in 
Canada that were owned, operated or managed by the defendants.  On December 29, 2015, the plaintiff 
amended and expanded its complaint alleging, among other things, that the class included those who paid 
the fee to a hotel in Canada branded by one of the defendants and that the defendants that did not directly 
charge or collect the fee approved of it and encouraged the imposition of the DMF. The plaintiff has alleged 
that the collection of the DMF violated The Consumer Protection Act, was negligent, unjustly enriched the 
defendants and constituted a Waiver of Tort.  The plaintiff has demanded, on behalf of the class, 
disgorgement of any fees and revenue received by the defendants generated by imposition of the fee, and 
an order that the defendants are jointly and severally liable for restitution of $403,000,000, general and 
punitive damages, costs of notice, interest and any other relief the court deems appropriate.  The class has 
yet to be certified.  We filed a motion for summary judgment on October 3, 2016.  On June 2, 2017, 
Radisson and Country filed a Statement of Claim against 2 current and 3 former franchisees/licensees, that 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
13 
had not entered into tolling agreements, seeking contribution and indemnification.  On August 29, 2019, 
the court denied Radisson’s motion for summary judgment, holding that it was premature.  Radisson intends 
to reassert its summary judgment motion arguments at the appropriate time. Plaintiff offered to discontinue 
this action in exchange for a waiver of costs.  The parties anticipate that the action will be dismissed 
imminently. 
 
(2) Jai Sai Baba, LLC, et al. v. Choice Hotels International, Inc., et al.  
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Case No. 2:20-cv-
02823  
 
On June 12, 2020 (amended on July 15, 2020), approximately ninety current and former franchise 
owners that own and operate one or more Choice branded hotels (“Plaintiffs”) filed suit against Choice and 
Choice Hotels Owner Council (“CHOC”) (Choice and CHOC collectively referred to as “Defendants”). In 
the complaint, the Plaintiffs allege that the Defendants engaged in discriminatory and anti-competitive 
practices and violated the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, the Sherman Act, the Civil 
Rights Act, and various state franchise laws. Additionally, the Defendants have claimed that Choice is in 
breach of contract, has breached the implied duty of good faith and fair dealing and committed common 
law fraud. The Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified actual damages, punitive damages, consequential and/or 
compensatory damages, attorneys’ fees, costs and interest, a declaratory judgment that certain allegedly 
unconscionable provisions are unenforceable, an accounting of all fees paid by Plaintiffs, an order for 
restitution and the rescission of Maryland franchise agreements, a declaratory judgment that some or all 
franchise agreements are terminated, and certain permanent injunctive relief. On July 29, 2020, Choice filed 
a motion to stay the litigation and compel individual arbitration proceedings.  On March 19, 2021, the Court 
granted motion.  This case remains stayed, and the parties provide the Court with monthly status updates. 
  
(3) T&T Management, Inc. v. Choice Hotels International, Inc., Country Inn & Suites by 
Radisson, Inc. and Sunshine Fund Port Orange, LLC 
  United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida, Case No. 6:23-cv-01187 
 
 On June 26, 2023, Plaintiff T&T Management, Inc. (“Licensee”) commenced a federal district 
court action in Florida against, among others, Radisson Hotels International, Inc. (“RHI”) and Choice 
alleging that RHI and Choice (1) breached the applicable License Agreement and the implied covenant of 
good faith and fair dealing by (a) permitting another Choice branded hotel to be constructed near Licensee’s 
Country Inn & Suites® hotel and (b) disclosing or using guest data associated with Licensee’s hotel; and 
(2) misappropriated the guest data associated with Licensee’s hotel in violation of the Defend Trade Secrets 
Act of 2016. The complaint was subsequently amended to remove RHI and add Country Inn & Suites by 
Radisson, Inc. (“Country”) as a defendant. In response to the amended complaint, on November 6, 2023, 
Country and Choice filed a Motion to Dismiss the Licensee’s claims and, alternatively, a Motion to Transfer 
Venue of the case to the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota in accordance with the 
License Agreement’s forum selection clause. The Florida Court granted the Motion to Transfer and 
subsequently transferred the case to the Federal Court in Minnesota in April 2024. After Licensee amended 
its complaint, Country and Choice filed another Motion to Dismiss the Licensee’s claims, which the 
Minnesota Court granted on February 27, 2025.  The Minnesota Court also awarded Choice and Country’s 
attorneys’ fees and costs in the amount of $181,513.88 by order dated August 4, 2025. Licensee has 
appealed the Minnesota Court’s dismissal of the case and award of attorneys’ fees.  Those appeals are 
pending before the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals. 
 
(4) CS Anaheim Hotel Investments, LLC v. Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
 United States District Court for the Central District of California, Case No. 8:24-cv-
02131 
American Arbitration Association, Case No.:  01-25-0003-4509 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
14 
 
 On October 1, 2024, Plaintiff CS Anaheim Hotel Investments, LLC filed a complaint against 
Choice alleging a fraudulent rebate scheme with vendors, misuse of system fees, misrepresentation of our 
system (inadequate for a resort), unenforceable arbitration clause, breach of contract and implied covenant 
of good faith and fair dealing, violations of the California franchise investment law (CFIL) and California’s 
unfair competition law and a declaratory judgment that Choice is in default of the franchise agreement 
therefore not entitled to liquidated damages.  On November 18, 2024, Choice filed a motion to stay the 
litigation and compel arbitration.  This motion is currently pending before the Court, and the Court granted 
this motion on May 9, 2025.  On July 22, 2025, CS Anaheim Hotel Investments, LLC filed an arbitration 
demand against Choice Hotels International, Inc. in conjunction with the underlying action.  On January 
30, 2026, Choice filed a counterclaim for various relief, including payment of liquidated damages and the 
balance of the Incentive Promissory Note.  A hearing has been set in this matter for March 8, 2027 through 
March 22, 2027.  
 
(5) Proulx, et al. v. Orsini Bros. Inns, Inc., et al. 
  Ontario Superior Court of Justice, Court File No. CV-25-00747070-00CP 
On July 8, 2025, a proposed class action lawsuit was filed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice, 
against multiple hotel operators including Choice Hotels Canada Inc. and Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
alleging that consumers were charged misleading fees during hotel stays in Niagara Falls, Ontario. The 
plaintiffs claim that fees such as “DMDF,” “DMC,” “Local Fee,” “Hotel Fee,” “Resort Fee,” “LF&T,” and 
“Amenity Fee” were falsely represented as taxes or government-mandated charges, but were actually 
discretionary fees retained by the hotels. The allegations include violations of Ontario’s Consumer 
Protection Act, 2002, for misrepresenting the nature, purpose, and source of these fees and combining them 
with legitimate taxes like HST and MAT on invoices and booking pages. The plaintiffs seek certification, 
injunctive relief, restitution, damages including aggregate and punitive damages, and costs. The case is 
currently pending, and Choice Hotels intends to defend the action. 
 (6) Gurpreet Kaur v. Choice Hotels International, Inc., et al. 
  United States District Court for the Central District of California, Case No. 5:26-cv-00090 
 
 On January 9, 2026, Plaintiff Gurpreet Kaur, in her individual capacity, filed a lawsuit against 
Choice Hotels and the American Arbitration Association alleging each entity owes her damages due to 
alleged violations of her federal civil rights and RICO. More specifically, franchisee raises four claims 
under (1) 42 U.S.C. Section 1981; (2) 42 U.S.C Section 1982; (3) 18 U.S.C. Section 1964(c); and (4) 
California Business & Professions Code 17200, et. Seq., broadly claiming that each law has been violated 
on the basis that the franchise agreement and guaranty are void and further, that her Asian-Indian descent 
somehow factors into each entities decision to pursue breach of contract suits. Notably, there is minimal 
factual background provided by the franchisee in this suit to corroborate any of these high-level, broad 
allegations.   
  
II.   ACTIONS INVOLVING THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP IN PRIOR FISCAL YEAR 
(1) ACTIONS INITIATED BY CHOICE TO RECOVER ROYALTIES, LIQUIDATED 
DAMAGES AND OTHER DEBTS OWED TO CHOICE HOTELS 
Defendant or Respondent Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Marietta Hotels LLC, Saranath T. 
Annamalai, Venkatesh 
Muthukumar, and  
Murugan Ganesh 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-2533 January 14, 2025 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
15 
Defendant or Respondent Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Jai Ganesha LLC and Sanjay 
Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-2725 January 16, 2025 
Kavi Lodging LLC, Dushyant 
Patel, Dilipkumar Desai, 
Kiritkumar Patel and Kayur Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-2621 January 16, 2025 
Varni Hotel LLC, Himanshu 
Patel, Ashish Patel, Avinas Patel, 
Hardik Patel, Minesh Patel and 
Vivekkumar Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-3366 
 
January 21, 2025 
AM Hospitality LLC, 
Arvindkumar A. Mungra and 
Champaben A. Mungra 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-3386 January 21, 2025 
Harikrishna LLC, Sudhir 
Brahmbhatt and Priti Brahmbhatt 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-3488 
 
January 23, 2025 
Nagaraju Gajulu, Raghavendra 
Surapujaru, Sesha Saina Reddy 
Alle and Venkataramana Reddy 
Palla 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-4766 January 31, 2025 
115 Ave. Realty LLC and 
Harjinder Singh 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-4774 January 31, 2025 
Beaver Hospitality LLC and Mita 
Vagashia 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-00312 January 31, 2025 
NY Hospitality, LLC, Thang Dac 
Huynh and Loan H. Do 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-00311 January 31, 2025 
Nirav Patel, Nikul Patel,  
Kamlesh Patel and Anand Patel    
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-8526 
 
February 6, 2025 
Ghanshyam Hospitality, Inc., 
Dakshaben Patel and 
Mayurkumar Patel 
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C-15-CV-25-
000541 
February 6, 2025 
Meera Hospitality LLC,  
Ashok Patel, Umesh Patel and 
Dilip Patel  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-8952 
 
February 11, 2025 
Shree Mahadev LLC, Satishbhai 
Patel, Shashikalaben Patel and 
Kumudben Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0000-9275 
 
February 13, 2025 
SMH LLC, Amritlal, 
Champaneri, Naresh Champaneri, 
Ajay Champaneri and Rajesh 
Champaneri 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-0185 
 
February 18, 2025 
Newburg Hospitality, 
Dipakkumar Patel, Kajal Patel 
a/k/a Kajal Amin 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-1158 February 25, 2025 
Grand Canyon Hospitality LLC, 
Dhan, LLC, Dhaval Patel and 
Dimple Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-1665 February 28, 2025 
Danish Khan, Pervez Sultan, 
Nadeem Malik and Syed Razzaqi 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-00670 February 28, 2025 
NYM Lodging LLC, 
Manshe Patel and Keyur Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-3193 March 11, 2025 
Shree Ganesh Charlotte, Inc., 
Ravi Sheth, and Alpana Sheth 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-4353 
 
March 18, 2025 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
16 
Defendant or Respondent Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Imperial Investments of 
Doraville, Inc., Nitesh Shah, 
Naren Shah and Suren Shah 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-4453 March 19, 2025 
Sulphur Hotel Group LLC, 
Nimesh Zaver, Guru Nagin, a/k/a 
Baldev Patel, Iqbal Mohammad 
and Talesh Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-4457 March 19, 2025 
Lusk Hospitality LLC and Sam 
Momin 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-5841 March 27, 2025 
DDD Lodging LLC, Kamaljit 
Singh and Sahota Enterprises, 
LLC 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-6114 March 31, 2025 
Pravinkumar Patel, Ganpat Patel 
and Prakash Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-6116 March 31, 2025 
Yug Anjani LLC, Bhavik Patel, 
Jayesh Patel, Champakbhai Patel 
and Viresh Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-6119 March 31, 2025 
Kirpa Hospitality LLC and 
Dilbag Singh 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-6139 March 31, 2025 
Khan Hotel SD LLC and 
Muhammad Zubair Khan 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-01069 April 1, 2025 
Enawala Investment LLC,  
Pravin Kumar and Jagruti Kumar  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0001-9746 
 
April 22, 2025 
SHRIJEE LLC, Ankur Patel  
and Krupa Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-0065 April 24, 2025 
Rishi Hotel LLC, Nirav Doshi 
Jaydeep Jariwala, Pragnesh Patel 
and Hirenkumar Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-0890 April 29, 2025 
Meraki Hospitality LLC, Vijay 
Patel, Hetal Patel, Kunal Patel, 
Timesh Dhanji and Chandi Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-1050 April 29, 2025 
Danville Hospitality Group, Inc. 
and Jacob Adigwe 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-1134 April 30, 2025 
American Inn NC LLC, Biju 
George and Mini Biju 
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV25002093 April 30, 2025 
Elite Hospitality LLC and Harshit 
Patel 
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV25002107 April 30, 2025 
C Roc Hurp LLC, Meenesh 
Bhoola, Prakash Bhoola and 
Rajendra Jariwala 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-01371 April 30, 2025 
Enkogs1 LLC, Kembo 
Investments Ohio Partnership 
LLC, Firma Investments, Inc. and 
Marco O. Kozlowski 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-01370 April 30, 2025 
Uniglobal Hospitality Group 
LLC, Safa Alghanem and The 
Estate of Mohammed Hmeidan 
United States District Court for 
the District of Minnesota 
0:25-cv-01950 May 1, 2025 
Southern Hotels LLC,  
Jay Patel, Harry Patel, Praful 
Patel, Nipul Patel and Vipul Patel   
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-2503 May 8, 2025 
Sunil S. Mehta American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-3479 May 15, 2025 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
17 
Defendant or Respondent Venue Case Number Filing Date 
SI Traverse Limited Partnership American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-4307 May 20, 2025 
Relianse Mar Best LLC and 
Haresh Surti 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-4690 May 22, 2025 
Oakview Hospitality LLC and 
Nilesh Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-5231 May 27, 2025 
Jeffries Investments LLC, Kent 
Jeffries and Raeann Jeffries 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-002-5239 May 27, 2025 
PyrSquared Group, Inc., 
PyrSquared Management 
Company and The George 
Washington L.P. 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-6305 May 30, 2025 
SB Hospitality Palm Springs LLC 
and Nam Min Cho 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-6297 May 30, 2025 
JRC Investments, Inc., Chirag 
Patel and Popat Patel 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-01731 May 31, 2025 
LPS Hospitality Company, Rajes, 
Inc. and Pirian Sivakumar 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-01730 May 31, 2025 
Gresham Hotel LLC and Hardeep 
Samra 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-01734 June 2, 2025 
Omkara Hospitality LLC and Jay 
Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-002-6785 June 3, 2025 
Gurdial Singh American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-9241 June 17, 2025 
Liberty Hospitality LLC, 
Mohamed S. Abdul Munaf, Akil 
Jolly, Najeeb Vayalthrikovil and 
Matthew Thachil 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-9243 June 17, 2025 
Patel Investments LLC, Kaushik 
Patel and Parul Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-9627 June 18, 2025 
Ganapati LLC and Mayuri B. 
Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0002-9792 June 18, 2025 
Aaradhna Hotels, Inc., Suresh 
Patel and Dalsukh Kumbhani 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-0773 June 24, 2025 
ADMJM ON2 LLC,  
GLI Hospitality LLC, Michael 
Lawsky and Douglas Gamble 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-0651 June 24, 2025 
DBR Hospitality LLC, 
Devangkumar Patel, 
Brijeshkumar Patel, Jatinkumar 
Patel, Rakeshkumar Patel and 
Rashminkumar Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-0941 June 26, 2025 
Imran M. Zaheer and Muhammad 
Chaudhry, a/k/a Arif Muhammad 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-0958 June 26, 2025 
NL LLC, Thanh Nguyen and 
Thuy Trang Ngoc Vu 
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV25003377 June 29, 2025 
C Kop Harp LLC, Tejash Bhoola, 
Prakash Bhoola and Rajendra 
Jariwala 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-02078 June 29, 2025 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
18 
Defendant or Respondent Venue Case Number Filing Date 
C.Z. Gabheraj Hospitality LLC, 
Rajendra Jariwala and Hemlata 
Jariwala 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-02080 June 29, 2025 
Caltex Hotel Group LLC, Nimesh 
Zaver, Nitin Patel, Rajiv Desai, 
Pretexa Patel and Rakesh Patel 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-02076 June 29, 2025 
David Hamilton United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-02077 June 29, 2025 
Thakorji, Inc., Dhansukh Patel, 
Urmila Patel, Naresh Patel and 
Amit Patel 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-02079 June 29, 2025 
Sims GC Hotel, LLC, Divyank 
Patel, Anil Patel and Kirit Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-3567 July 15, 2025 
Lotus Sky LLC, Kunal Patel and 
Chadrakant Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-3622 July 15, 2025 
Mirza Beg American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-3779 July 15, 2025 
Brandon Wamsher and Ryan 
Wamsher 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-3757 July 17, 2025 
Amazing Hospitality Group LLC 
and Jeffrey Fleming 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-5019 
 
July 22, 2025 
Milwaukee 45 Hospitality LLC, 
Perdin, Inc., and Andy Rathod 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-4936 July 22, 2025 
Aum Shanti Tribhuvan LLC, 
Kanan Patel and Jayesh Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-5219 July 24, 2025 
Meena Patel and Mukesh Patel 
 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-5221 July 24, 2025 
John E. Seard, Jr. Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV25004186 August 4, 2025 
G Matss LLC, Gaurang Jariwala 
and Abhishek Jariwala 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-02542 August 4, 2025 
Ghotra Hospitality LLC, Paul 
Ghotra, Harjinder Singh, Piar 
Kaur, Jagit Singh and 
Lakhwinder Multani 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv02543 August 4, 2025 
Manoj Mehta United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-02541 August 4, 2025 
Miracle Inn LLC and Li Shen United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-02539 August 4, 2025 
Prithi Investments LLC and 
Reena Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-8297 August 12, 2025 
Sapphire Hospitality North LLC, 
Kirndeep Kaur and Sukhjit Kaur  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-9247 
 
August 14, 2025 
Govind Patel and Dayal Jutaria American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-9253 August 14, 2025 
Jayagauri V. Solanki  
 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0003-9894 
 
August 19, 2025 
Pinnacle Hotel Circle LP, Lall 
Hospitality LLC and Bharat Lall 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-0006 August 19, 2025 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
19 
Defendant or Respondent Venue Case Number Filing Date 
EKONGKAAR, Inc. and 
Vikram Chaudhary   
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-0363 
 
August 21, 2025 
Smart Vision LLC and Virendra 
Amin 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-1203 August 26, 2025 
H2O Hospitality LLC and 
Amarkumar Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-1254 August 26, 2025 
Consulting Liquidation 
Management, Inc.and 
Mohammed John Mizani 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-1230 August 26, 2025 
Lotus Motel, Inc., Joginder 
Chumber and Kaushalaya 
Circuit Court for Montgomery 
County, Maryland 
C15CV25004860 September 4, 2025 
Armaan Investments LLC and 
Hansaben Patel 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-02906 September 4, 2025 
Mahmoud Karimi United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-02905 September 4, 2025 
A&S Hotels LLC and Rachna 
Sachar 
 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-5637 
 
September 9, 2025 
River City Hospitality LLC, Kurt 
Lord, Jeff Zornes and William 
Luchini 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-5690 September 9, 2025 
BZ Hospitality LLC, Roger 
Becker and Jayson Zimmer 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-5964 September 11, 2025 
Vanshi LLC and Pritesh Patel American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-5941 September 11, 2025 
Evergreen Hillsboro Brookwood 
One LLC, Evergreen Hillsboro 
Brookwood LLC, Evergreen 
Hospitality Development Group 
LLC, Alkesh Patel and Kirit 
“Ken” Pansuria 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-6999 September 17, 2025 
Rudraksh Corporation and 
Riteshkumar Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-8087 September 24, 2025 
Meryde Group of Hotels LLC and 
Warren Miranda 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-8242 
 
September 25, 2025 
Pramukhprit & Adinathay LLC, 
Ritesh Patel, Hemali Jain and 
Sevanti Jain 
United States District Court for 
the District of Minnesota 
0:25-cv-03782 September 26, 2025 
Greens Development, Inc. American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-9236 September 30, 2025 
Jayesh Kumar and Madhu Kumar American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0004-9238 September 30, 2025 
611 Degraw LLC, Alec 
Shtromandel and Daren Herzberg 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-03247 October 3, 2025 
Banyan TX LLC and Jim 
Peterson 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-03272 October 3, 2025 
Laurel Hotel Associates LLC and 
Reginald Winfield 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-03269 October 3, 2025 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
20 
Defendant or Respondent Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Laurel Hotel Associates LLC and 
Reginald Winfield 
United States District Court for 
the District of Maryland, 
Southern Division 
8:25-cv-03271 October 3, 2025 
Grambling Economic 
Development Corporation 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-0621 October 9, 2025 
SBA Company, Smita Amin 
and Bhargav Amin 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-0870 October 9, 2025 
Jay Ganesh LLC, Purvish Soni, 
Arvind Patel, Dhaval Chokshi, 
Rajneesh Kapur,  
Rammani Chapagain, and  
A&S Management Inc.  
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-1334 
 
October 14, 2025 
Shrungi LLC, Nikunj Patel and 
Mehul Gajera 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-1904 October 16, 2025 
New Vista Developers LLC, 
Jatinder Singh and Rahul Bhatt 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-2483 October 21, 2025 
Harrods Eastbelt Ltd.  
 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-3598 
 
October 28, 2025 
Mayur Patel and Vishal Patel American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-4562 November 3, 2025 
Intown Orlando GSN, Inc., Ravi 
Sheth and Alpana Sheth 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-4672 November 4, 2025 
Midway Hotel Club LLC and 
Tony Dassan 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-5823 November 11, 2025 
Vines Holdings LLC and Reginal 
Vines 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-6963 November 13, 2025 
RE3D LLC, RE3 Advisory 
Services LLC, Douglas Hoffman 
and Edwin H. Hawes III 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-6902 
 
November 13, 2025 
Vines Holdings LLC and Reginal 
Vines 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-7431 November 18, 2025 
Dipak Patel American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-7613 November 18, 2025 
Francisco Nino, Olga Morin, 
Richardo Ramos and Ivan 
Fernandez 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-8112 November 20, 2025 
Kautilya Clarion Hotel LLC,  
Vinita Patel, Vinod Patel and  
Nirav Desai 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0005-8149 
 
November 20, 2025 
Manuj Jain American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0009-1431 December 1, 2025 
Heidrun Lohbeck American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0009-2285 December 4, 2025 
66 EB Partners LLC, Berel 
Karnoil and Chana Vashovsky   
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0009-3091 
 
December 9, 2025 
Lyndell Mims and Clifford 
Hughley, Jr. 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0009-3186 December 9, 2025 
Desai & Sons Inc. and 
Raman Desai 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0009-3617 December 11, 2025 
Harvest Development LLC and 
James Walter 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0009-3651 December 11, 2025 
Mislamafrin Hospitality, Inc. and 
Mohammad Islam 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0009-4399 December 16, 2025 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
21 
 
(2) ACTIONS INITIATED BY CHOICE TO ENFORCE INTELLECTUAL 
PROPERTY RIGHTS – POST TERMINATION 
 
Defendants Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Baba Nanak Hospitality Group 
Corp, Hardeep Arora, and 
Parmeet Arora 
U.S. District Court 
Eastern District of 
Wisconsin (Milwaukee) 
2:25-cv-00848 June 13, 2025 
INTERCONTINENTAL 
MANAGEMENT, LLC, Nasir 
Habib, Shahid Hussain, and 
Sohail Khan 
U.S. District Court 
Southern District of Indiana 
(Indianapolis) 
1:25-cv-01758 September 4, 2025 
Mansfield Hotel, LLC, Gita 
Jasani, and Satish Patel, a/k/a as 
Sam Saspra 
U.S. District Court 
Northern District of Ohio 
(Cleveland) 
1:25-cv-02093 October 1, 2025 
Siddhi Vinayak Hospitality Inc., 
Harsiddhi Properties LLC, 
Shailesh Patel, Ashish Patel, and 
Chirag Patel 
U.S. District Court 
Central District of Illinois 
(Rock Island) 
4:25-cv-04212 
 
November 20, 2025 
 
III. RESOLVED LITIGATION/PRIOR ACTIONS 
(1) Sender Kohl v. Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida, Fort Lauderdale Division, 
Case #0:18-cv-62597 and American Arbitration Association, Case #01-19-0000-1797 
 
               On October 29, 2018, Sender Kohl filed an action against us seeking damages in an unspecified 
amount.  The complaint alleged breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair 
dealing, fraud and material misrepresentations.  In December 2018, the court action was stayed pending 
arbitration, pursuant to the terms of the franchise agreement, which was filed in January 2019.  On August 
25, 2021, the parties settled this dispute.   
 
As part of the settlement, Choice agreed to pay its former franchisee $85,000.00 in exchange for 
dismissal of the arbitration. 
 
(2) Highmark Lodging, LLC, et al. v. Choice Hotels International, Inc., et al. 
American Arbitration Association, Case #01-21-0004-5554 
United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Case #5:20cv2823 
  
On June 29, 2021, Highmark Lodging, LLC and Darshan Patel (“Highmark”) filed an arbitration 
against Choice Hotels International, Inc. and Choice Hotels Owners Council in conjunction with the 
underlying action.  A Final Award was issued on July 27, 2023 against Choice and in favor of Highmark 
in the amount of $740,072.25.  Highmark filed a motion to confirm the Final Award and Choice filed a 
Defendant or Respondent Venue Case Number Filing Date 
Shree Super LLC, Jayesh Patel 
and Mohanbhai Patel 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0009-4054 December 16, 2025 
270 Development Group LLC, 
Summer House Hospitality and 
Josie Umoh 
American Arbitration 
Association 
01-25-0009-3947 December 17, 2025 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
22 
motion to vacate in part. Choice’s motion was denied, and a final judgment was entered against Choice in 
the amount of $779,398.40 on March 4, 2024.  
  
(3)  Dahya Investments Incorporated, et al. v. Choice Hotels International, Inc., et al. 
American Arbitration Association, Case #01-21-0004-5563 
United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Southern Division,  
Case No. 8:2023cv01685 
  
On June 29, 2021, Dahya Investments Incorporated and Dinu Patel (“Dahya”) filed an arbitration 
against Choice Hotels International, Inc. and Choice Hotels Owners Council in conjunction with the 
underlying action.  A Final Award was issued on May 9, 2023 finding that: 1) Choice must pay $882 for 
breach of contract, and 2) Dahya must pay Choice the sum of $603,483.00 for attorney’s fees and costs 
relating to the dismissed claims.  Choice filed a motion to confirm the Final Award against Dahya and the 
Final Award was confirmed into a judgment on January 17, 2024 at the motion to seal hearing.   
 
(4)  Choice Hotels International, Inc. v. DIP Hospitality, LLC, et al. 
American Arbitration Association, Case #01-21-0003-7036 
 
On April 9, 2021, Choice initiated this arbitration to pursue contractually due franchise fees, a 
promissory note balance, and lost profit damages from the franchisees in the amount of $498,495.93.  On 
May 19, 2021, Franchisees filed a counterclaim against Choice in the amount of $3,000,000. The arbitration 
panel issued an award dated July 9, 2024 finding that: 1) Choice prevailed on its claims for unpaid franchise 
fees, promissory note balance and audit fees for a total amount of $256,051.37; and 2) denied DIP 
Hospitality, LLC’s claims that Choice failed to obtain volume discounts from qualified vendors and was in 
breach of contract obligations relating to volume discounts, key money and call forwarding.  DIP 
Hospitality, LLC prevailed on its wrongful termination claim in the amount of $4,411.678.56 and were 
found to be the prevailing party and awarded fees and costs in the amount of $430,125.87. DIP filed a 
motion to modify or partially vacate the arbitration award with regard to the apportionment of arbitration 
costs; we opposed the motion; the court denied it; and DIP is appealing the denial. 
 
*  *  * 
Other than these actions, no litigation must be disclosed in this Disclosure Document. 
 
ITEM 4 
 
BANKRUPTCY 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
ITEM 5 
 
INITIAL FEES 
APPLICATION AND AFFILIATION FEE 
You must pay us, for the rights granted to you in the COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES 
or COMFORT SUITES franchise agreement, an affiliation fee of $500 per room, with a $50,000 minimum, 
for new franchises; $750 per room, with a $65,000 minimum, for transfers and renewals.  The entire 
affiliation fee is due no later than the time you sign the franchise agreement and is non-refundable following 
our signing of the franchise agreement. We will also collect a non-refundable application fee of $5,000 that 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
23 
will be credited towards the affiliation fee. If for any reason we do not grant you a franchise, or a franchise 
agreement is not countersigned by us, the affiliation fee, less the $5,000 application fee, will be refunded 
to you.  Financing information is in Item 10.   
In the past, we have agreed to reduce the affiliation fee in certain instances for multiple unit 
franchisees, franchisees with larger properties, franchisees with whom we have previously dealt, 
franchisees that are departing other hotel chains or franchised systems and joining our system, and 
franchisees in other special circumstances.  However, we do not always negotiate the affiliation fee even 
for franchisees possessing these characteristics, and we may freely choose not to negotiate with you, even 
if you possess some or all of these characteristics.   
During the 12 months ending December 31, 2025, the affiliation fees ranged from $0 to $75,000 
for our COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES or COMFORT SUITES franchise agreements. 
EXTENSION FEE AND OTHER CONSTRUCTION-RELATED FEES 
If you do not begin construction or do not complete renovations to an existing franchised hotel 
within the time required under your Franchise Agreement, you may apply for an additional 3 months in 
which to begin construction or complete renovations.  If we agree to grant an extension, you must pay us 
an additional $5,000 per extension.  In special circumstances we may waive the extension fee, but we are 
not obligated to, and any decision to waive an extension fee will be determined solely by us. 
If you request a waiver from using any pre-approved interior design schemes, then you must pay 
us our Interior Design Waiver Fee, which is $20,000. If you request a waiver from using a non-prototypical 
building design, then you must pay us our Architectural Design Review & Construction Services Fee, which 
is $20,000. The Architectural Design Review & Construction Services Fee includes an architectural design 
review fee and construction inspection fee incurred by us in reviewing your request. The Interior Design 
Waiver Fee and Architectural Design Review & Construction Service Fee are payable at the time of the 
request. These fees must be paid regardless of whether the waiver is granted.     
When transferring at least 50% ownership interest in your Hotel, you must pay us a property 
improvement plan fee of $3,000.  This fee is for the inspection of your Hotel and the creation of a property 
improvement plan that will be integrated into the new franchise agreement with the buyer/transferee. 
CENTRAL RESERVATION SYSTEM AND PROPERTY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
You are required to use our central reservation system (“CRS”).  Our CRS consists of our toll-free 
telephone reservation system, our proprietary internet sites, mobile phone and tablet reservation 
applications, interfaces with global distribution systems, and other internet reservations sites (such as online 
travel agencies).  Our CRS provides a data link to our franchised properties as well as to travel reservation 
systems such as Amadeus, Galileo, SABRE and Worldspan that facilitate the reservation process for travel 
agents and corporate travelers. We also offer rooms for rent on our website (http://www.choicehotels.com) 
and mobile applications as well as those of online travel agents (OTAs) and other third-party internet 
referral or booking services.  Our toll-free telephone reservation system primarily utilizes third-party call 
center service providers. Reservation agents trained on the reservation system have the goal of matching 
each caller with a Choice-branded hotel meeting the caller’s needs. We also operate a call forwarding 
program through which our franchisees can leverage our CRS capabilities by forwarding reservation calls 
received directly by the property to one of our reservation centers. Some components of the CRS have 
separate fees, as further described in Item 6 below.  We also continue to upgrade our technology to ensure 
that our CRS can effectively handle the current and future volume on digital channels and support the 
industry’s shift toward accelerated digital communications and guest experience personalization. In support 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
24 
of these initiatives, we developed choiceEDGE, which is a cloud-based software to manage all distribution 
for the company by optimizing rate, inventory, availability, shopping, booking, and reservations for its 
website, mobile apps, and third-party distribution partners. 
 
As a part of the CRS, you are required to install, maintain, and use full functionality of the 
choiceADVANTAGE® property management and reservation system as specified by us. 
ChoiceADVANTAGE® synchronizes each hotel’s inventory with our CRS, which gives our reservation 
sales agents and other proprietary channels the last room sell capabilities at every hotel.  You must purchase 
from us, an initial software license to use choiceADVANTAGE®. The software license includes up to three 
basic interfaces connected to choiceADVANTAGE®. Optional interfaces are available for an additional 
fee. You will receive dedicated support during your onboarding of choiceADVANTAGE®. The fees for 
the software license, the choiceADVANTAGE® systems onboarding, project management, and credit card 
interface are between $8,750 and $10,750 depending on the number of hotel rooms. The price is subject to 
increase depending on the number of additional interfaces you select. This choiceADVANTAGE® software 
license fee is included in the Brand in a Box fee discussed below. The initial software license and 
onboarding fees do not include the monthly choiceADVANTAGE® support fee to cover ongoing remote 
software support (see Item 6).  If you need to reschedule onboarding or if onboarding is not completed due 
to circumstances that are within your control, there will be a rescheduling fee between $500 and $2,100.   
 
PRE-OPENING – BRAND IN A BOX 
 Through our Brand in the Box program, we will assist you with the upfront costs of opening your 
hotel.  Your participation in this program is mandatory.  As a part of this program, you will pay us a 
nonrefundable fee of approximately $15,150-$30,000 (based on brand and room count and excluding 
shipping charges) for certain pre-opening items that we will order on your behalf, including the purchase 
of the software for choiceADVANTAGE® (as discussed above in this Item 5) and the hardware to operate 
that system, and other pre-opening items as needed.  In exchange, you will reimburse us by paying us in 
one lump sum or these costs will be billed to you on the monthly franchisee invoice over 12 months with 
no interest included.  
IMMERSION / HOSPITALITY TRAINING 
We provide required training programs that you, your General Manager, or other key employees 
must complete before opening your hotel in the Choice franchise system or within 90 days of the hotel’s 
opening or relicensing.  The training fees you must pay for immersion and hospitality operations training 
include our Choice Onboard immersion training fee of $1,950, and our Hospitality Operations Success 
Training (“HOST”) fee of $1,395. The cost of attending the Choice Onboard training for any subsequent 
attendees beyond the Owner and the General Manager is 50% of the tuition (not to exceed $975) per 
subsequent attendee.  The HOST training fee covers an operator certification program that is offered 
virtually, consisting of self-paced online lessons, live interactive virtual workshops, and exams.  The costs 
for both training programs do not include the cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend the required training 
programs.  The total training fee is between $3,345 and $5,295 per person, plus travel, lodging and meals 
for you and your General Manager. Training consists of a 3-day Choice onboarding program offered 
monthly at our Choice corporate location in North Bethesda, Maryland, as well as an operator certification 
program that is offered virtually.  Some or all of the training may not be required if you have previously 
owned a Choice branded hotel, obtained Choice Hotels training certification for another existing Choice-
branded hotel and/or a hotel staff member has previously completed the training in a prior position. 
 When a franchised hotel undergoes a 50% or greater change in its ownership and the new owners 
sign a franchise agreement with Choice (known as a “re-licensing”), the hotel is also required to have a 
customized re-licensing training. This training is delivered remotely via completion of a dedicated, self-

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
25 
paced Learning Map in the Choice University online learning management system (LMS).  The fee for the 
re-licensing training is $995.  
 
 Attendance is mandatory at the training programs identified in this Item 5.  Failure to attend within 
the prescribed time frame may result in a non-compliance penalty of $125 per month for failure to attend 
the Choice Onboard training or $250 per month for failure to attend the HOST training until compliant 
and/or formal default, and the failure to cure the default could result in the termination of your franchise 
agreement.  If a hotel registers for a Choice Onboard class and fails to attend or does not cancel at least one 
week prior to the scheduled start date, the hotel may incur a no-show fee. For more detailed information on 
each training program, see Item 11 of this Disclosure Document. 
 
* * * 
Except as identified in this Item 5, the affiliation fee, extension fee, property management system 
fees and training fees are uniform, are fully earned by us when paid by you, and we have no obligation to 
refund these fees.  Except as set forth in Item 10, we do not offer financing for any part of the affiliation 
fee, and we do not offer financing for any other initial fees paid to us. 
ITEM 6 
 
OTHER FEES  
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
GENERAL    
Royalty Fee 6.0% of the preceding 
month’s Gross Room 
Revenues (“GRR”)  
(Note 2). 
Payable monthly.  
Marketing and Reservation 
Fee 
3.5% of the preceding 
month’s GRR (Note 2). 
Payable monthly. The Marketing and 
Reservation Fee covers the 
ongoing development, 
maintenance and upgrading 
of the reservations system, 
as well as pay for 
expenditures associated 
with media, advertising, 
publicity, public relations, 
marketing, reservations and 
certain franchise services.  
These expenditures 
enhance awareness and 
consumer preference for 
our brands and deliver 
guests to our franchisees. 
Greater awareness and 
preference help promote 
long-term growth in 
business delivery to our 
franchisees.  
(Note 3). 
REWARDS, MARKETING 
AND DISTRIBUTION 
PROGRAMS 
   

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
26 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Rewards Program Fee 
(Choice Privileges Loyalty 
Program) 
4.5% - 5.5% of room 
revenue generated by 
rewards program 
members. 
 
 
 
   
Monthly 
(Commission invoice 
is transmitted each 
Sunday night and 
payment must be 
submitted to us no 
later than Friday). 
This Rewards Program Fee 
is established by us to 
administer the program and 
reimburse hotels for reward 
nights. 
 
The Rewards Program Fee 
may vary within the stated 
amount range based on a 
hotel’s participation in the 
Performance Based Loyalty 
Fee program, which 
measures enrollment 
performance over three-
month periods and includes 
adjustments on the 
Rewards Program Fee 
based on a hotel’s size and 
enrollment performance.  
The Performance Based 
Loyalty Fee program is 
subject to change, though 
costs will not exceed 5.5% 
of room revenue generated 
by rewards program 
members. 
Airline Frequent Traveler 
Program Fee 
5% of room revenue 
generated by airline 
frequent travelers. 
Payable monthly. This fee is established by 
us to administer the 
program and pay for airline 
miles awarded. 
Choice Accelerate 3% of gross room revenue 
from consumed stays 
delivered from direct 
online channel bookings 
(certain exclusions and 
stay caps apply). 
 
Consumed stays resulting 
from international 
marketing paid and meta 
advertising efforts are 
subject to a fee of up to 
10% of gross room 
revenue, but will not be 
subject to the 3% fee 
noted above. 
Payable monthly. Choice Accelerate is the 
enterprise paid media 
program that aims to drive 
direct online channel 
bookings to your hotel 
through negotiated 
marketing arrangements, 
search engine optimization, 
social media and more.   
 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
27 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Programs Processing Fee $0.12 per transaction per 
eligible stay for Reward 
Program or Choice 
Accelerate fees.  
 
(This fee is not charged if 
the Commission 
Processing Fee is charged 
by Onyx). 
Payable monthly. This fee covers our 
administrative costs of 
consolidating the billing 
and processing 
disbursements for the 
applicable Marketing and 
Rewards program costs. 
Third Party Distribution Fee $4.00 for each consumed 
reservation made through 
directly connected online 
travel agents, DerbySoft, 
DHISCO, myRiva, 
Juniper/Roibos and 
Katanox.  
Payable monthly. Directly connected online 
travel agents include 
Expedia,  and 
Booking.com.  
Connectivity solutions such 
as DerbySoft, DHISCO, 
myRiva, Juniper/Roibos 
and Katanox are used to 
connect with other online 
travel agents, such as 
Agoda/Priceline, Hopper, 
and wholesalers, such as 
Hotelbeds and WebBeds 
and more.  We reserve the 
right to add, remove or 
modify new and existing 
connections.     
Travel Agent and Other 
Reservation Based 
Commissions (Note 4) 
Standard commission 
(currently 10% - 15%) 
includes our Travel Agent 
Centralized Commission 
Program handled via 
Onyx and additional 
programs from third party 
designated accounts. 
Weekly (Commission 
remittance is 
available via the 
online portal of our 
commission 
processing vendor, 
Onyx CenterSource, 
each Monday and 
payment must be 
submitted no later 
than Thursday) or 
monthly for 
commissions directly 
indicated on invoice. 
$0.48 per Commissionable 
Transaction processing fee 
for commissions handled 
via the Travel Agent 
Centralized Commission 
Program is applied to the 
Onyx remittance. 
 
Commissions are payable 
on retail or “rack” rates and 
not on net, non-
commissionable rates. 
 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
28 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Egencia and Hopper 
Preferred Programs 
 
Payment of a $5.00 per 
night Choice Privileges 
fee covering 1,000 loyalty 
points, in addition to the 
payment of any applicable 
Expedia or Hopper 
commission.  
As incurred The Egencia Preferred 
Program and Hopper 
Capital One Business 
Program offer your hotel 
the opportunity to gain 
priority access to travelers 
who book through their 
networks each year.  You 
may opt out of this 
program.  The Rewards 
Program Fees of the 
Choices Privileges Loyalty 
Program described above 
do not apply to these 
bookings. 
Leisure Affinity Promotional 
Program 
You must pay a per 
preferred room night fee 
of $2.50 (or up to the 
equivalent of a 10% 
commission) for all 
consumed stays booked 
through our Leisure 
Affinity Promotional 
Program. 
Payable monthly This program is offered to 
affinity organizations such 
as AARP and other leisure-
based member-based 
organizations with which 
we have negotiated 
preferred status. The fee 
may vary based on the 
Affinity partner.  This fee 
will be waived for any 
reservation that is billed the 
Choice Accelerate fee.   
 
Global Distribution System 
(“GDS”)  
Currently $7.70 for each 
reservation received 
through a GDS with 
which we have an 
agreement. 
Payable monthly. This fee is a reimbursement 
of costs we incur by using a 
GDS and is subject to 
change to reflect changes in 
our GDS costs, including 
cost increases imposed by 
third parties.   
Platform Marketing 
Distribution 
Up to 15% commission 
for consumed reservations 
generated through 
Choice’s third-party 
marketing platform 
Payable monthly and 
as incurred 
This fee is mandatory and 
based on consumed 
reservations (which may 
include revenue from the 
rental, sale, use, or 
occupancy of your hotel) 
facilitated through a third-
party platform marketing, 
such as Penn Entertainment 
and others.  These 
opportunities help 
introduce new guests to 
Choice’s Brands.  We 
reserve the right to modify 
the engagement, including 
adding or removing third 
party participants.       

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
29 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Global Sales Pay for 
Performance Program (Note 
5) 
2.7% of total room 
revenue from consumed 
business (for example, 
actual room sold). 
Payable monthly.  
FedRooms/DoD Program 2.25% of room revenue 
per consumed stays 
resulting from program 
activities 
As incurred The fee is billed to 
properties who participate 
in the FedRooms or DoD 
program. 
PROPERTY 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
AND TECHNOLOGY 
   
Property Technology & 
Service Fee 
$10.10 per room monthly, 
subject to a $650 
minimum and $950 
maximum 
Payable monthly. This fee includes the 
choiceADVANTAGE 
system, interface and 
license fee, Rates Center 
system and license fees, 
compliance monitoring and 
reporting fees, and includes 
additional property services 
including email. RESiN 
integration(s) are optional 
and will add $0.35 per 
room per month to the 
technology fee. (See also 
Item 5 regarding the 
purchase of 
choiceADVANTAGE in 
connection with Brand in a 
Box.) 
choiceADVANTAGE® 
Database Clean Up Fee 
$500 As incurred. This fee covers the cost to 
assist with updating 
information stored in the 
choiceADVANTAGE® 
database, including 
reservations and account 
data and applies to existing 
or former Choice branded 
properties that change 
ownership or require prior 
database information be 
renewed or expunged.  (See 
also Item 5 regarding the 
purchase of 
choiceADVANTAGE in 
connection with Brand in a 
Box.) 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
30 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Choice Digital Registration  Depending on the number 
of hotel rooms at your 
Hotel, you must purchase 
one or more tablets 
through one of our 
qualified vendors at an 
approximate cost of 
$350.00 each.   
As incurred  The purchase of the tablets 
are mandatory costs.  The 
digital registration program 
allows guests among other 
things to digitally sign an 
electronic registration card 
that is then stored in the 
cloud and made available 
via choiceADVANTAGE® 
to hotels.   
CrowdStrike $60 Payable monthly 
 
The fee is required for all 
brands and covers security 
software and services to 
help monitor, detect and 
prevent software-based 
cyber security threats. 
REVENUE 
MANAGEMENT  
   
Choice Revenue 
Optimization Services 
(“ChoiceROCS”) 
(See Note 6) 
$970 - $1,900 based on 
offering tier/service levels 
and brand.   
Monthly ChoiceROCS is a multi-
faceted program that 
provides participating 
franchisees with a variety 
of revenue management 
services and support 
depending on the needs of 
the hotel.  You will work 
directly with a Choice 
revenue manager that is 
trained to help support the 
revenue management needs 
of the franchisee.  
 
Participation in 
ChoiceROCS is mandatory 
for COMFORT hotels. 
During the first year, the 
only minimum service 
levels available for 
enrollment are Silver or 
higher, as further set forth 
in the Rules and 
Regulations.   
ChoiceMAX (or similar 
program)(See Note 6) 
 
$400 - $525 based on 
number of rooms. 
Monthly This software provides 
forecasting and pricing 
recommendations.  The 
program for ChoiceMAX is 
mandatory for COMFORT 
hotels. Monthly fees for 
ChoiceMAX (or similar 
program) will be bundled 
with the ChoiceROCS 
monthly fee for 
participating hotels. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
31 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
ChoiceMAX Training and Set 
Up Fee and/or reinstatement 
fee 
$2,500 At the time of 
ChoiceMAX 
installation.  
This program is mandatory.  
This fee covers the 
following: System 
implementation and 
account access, activation 
of competitive rate 
shopping services, support 
for proper tool setup and 
configuration, and self-
paced training and job aids. 
In addition, you must pay 
this fee if you are reinstated 
into ChoiceMAX because 
of seasonal closures, 
rebranding, or for other 
reasons. 
OTHER    
Choice Hotels Owners 
Council (CHOC) Dues 
$60/month. Payable monthly. This fee is established by a 
vote of CHOC members 
and may be changed from 
time to time.  This fee is 
collected by us and used to 
cover CHOC’s operating 
expenses.  
Association’s Regional 
Franchise Meeting Fee 
$299 per attendee plus 
travel, lodging and living 
expenses. The Late 
Registration fee is an 
additional $50. 
Annually, prior to the 
meetings. 
You must attend. General 
Manager attendance is 
recommended. 
Annual Convention 
Registration Fee 
$1,700 per attendee plus 
travel, lodging, and living 
expenses. We also charge 
a late registration fee of an 
additional $500.   
Annually, before 
Convention. 
The annual convention is 
designed to give our 
franchisees resources and 
information to better 
leverage our strong value 
proposition. Attendees 
participate in a full 
schedule of education and 
brand sessions and 
networking events. In 
addition, there is a trade 
show with the industry’s 
top suppliers.  
 
One owner must attend our 
annual convention. We also 
recommend that your 
General Manager attend. 
Educational Resources 
Program 
$1,500 plus any applicable 
taxes. 
Annually (billed in 
four even amounts on 
a quarterly basis). 
This program provides 
unlimited access to training 
programs on Choice’s 
online learning 
management system 
(including Choice 
University). 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
32 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Additional Training Programs Reasonable charges 
ranging from $49 - $499. 
On enrollment. You also must pay travel, 
lodging and living 
expenses for all attending 
employees for any 
additional training 
requested by you or 
required by us. 
Re-Licensed Hotel Training $995  Within 90 days of 
transfer and franchise 
agreement execution. 
This training is required 
when a hotel changes 
ownership, and the new 
owners sign a franchise 
agreement with Choice. 
Room Count Change Fee The per-room charge then 
being charged for new 
franchisees, but not less 
than $1,000. 
Before expansion of 
sleeping rooms. 
This fee is applicable only 
if you choose to change the 
room count by more than 
5%.  Our consent is 
required for any room 
count change greater than 
5%. 
Assumption Fee $7,500 Upon submission of 
application. 
This fee is applicable if we 
consent to a transfer of less 
than 50% of the equity 
interest in you or the hotel. 
Property Improvement Plan 
Fee 
$3,000 Upon transferee’s 
submission of 
application. 
This fee is for the 
inspection of your hotel 
and the creation of a 
property improvement plan 
which will be integrated 
into the transferee’s 
franchise agreement. 
Comfort Letter Fee $2,500 (if a Comfort 
Letter is needed within 1-
3 days there will be a 
$500 expedite fee.) 
Upon request for a 
Comfort Letter. 
The comfort letter is a 
document issued by us in 
our sole discretion that 
grants your lender certain 
rights under the franchise 
agreement upon your 
default of your loan 
obligations to the lender. 
You may be required to 
sign this agreement as a 
condition of receiving a 
loan from your lender. 
Attached as Exhibit P is 
our current form comfort 
letter. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
33 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Choice Privileges Elite 
Welcome Recognition 
Program 
Approximately $0.005 per 
Choice Privileges point 
awarded to guest, or the 
cost of the gift provided to 
guest. 
Monthly for Choice 
Privileges point 
reimbursements. As 
incurred for other 
gifts provided. 
At check-in, Choice 
Privileges Elite members 
will be given the option of 
receiving Choice Privileges 
points (amount determined 
by us) or a gift as required 
by us (such as snacks, 
drinks, a F&B credit of 
$5.00 in retail value, or 
other items). 
Transfer Fee The then current 
affiliation fee or $65,000, 
whichever is greater.   
Upon transferee’s 
submission of 
application. 
This fee is applicable if we 
consent to a transfer of 
50% or more of the equity 
interest in you or your hotel 
franchise.  Our consent is 
required for any transfer of 
more than 5% of the equity 
interests in you or the hotel. 
Close Family Member 
Transfer Fee 
$0-$7,500  Upon transferee’s 
submission of 
application. 
Upon death or disability, if 
you wish to transfer to a 
Close Family Member 
(defined as a franchisee’s 
adult spouse, parent, child, 
sibling, grandchild, or 
grandparent) we will 
charge a non-refundable 
application fee not to 
exceed $7,500. 
Change of Ownership $3,000 Upon submission of 
application 
This fee is applicable for 
any transfer of less than a 
50% equity interest in you 
or your hotel franchise.   
Choice Privileges “Points 
Accelerator” Packages 
 
Approximately $0.005 per 
Choice Privileges point 
that is awarded to a guest. 
 
Monthly for Choice 
Privileges point 
reimbursements. 
At the time of booking, 
when booking BAR, guests 
have the option to purchase 
1,000, 2,000 or 5,000 
points in addition to their 
base stay points.  Hotels are 
charged for the additional 
points purchased by the 
guest. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
34 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Insurance Reimbursement 
Fee 
$500-$100,000 As incurred This fee applies only if you 
fail to procure or provide 
us with evidence that you 
maintain at least the 
minimum insurance 
required by the Franchise 
Agreement.  The range for 
this fee is dependent on 
market conditions and a 
policy may fall outside of 
this range depending on the 
current market rate. We 
may also give you the 
option to procure certain 
insurance policies through 
programs we facilitate, 
which may be billed by us 
for participating hotels. 
Taxes Amount assessed by 
federal, state and local tax 
authorities 
When we invoice you You must pay an amount 
equal to any sales tax, gross 
receipt tax or similar tax 
imposed with respect to 
any payments required 
under the Franchise 
Agreement, unless the tax 
is credited against income 
tax otherwise payable to us. 
You will have no 
obligation for any tax 
which is based upon our 
net income. 
OPTIONAL    
Sales Certification Training 
Program 
 
 
$500 per attendee 
 
On enrollment This training program is 
optional and is a 3-day 
sales workshop.  Attendees 
must pay travel, lodging, 
and living expenses.  

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
35 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
ResConnect Program 
(formerly Call Forwarding) 
 
3.50% of monthly Gross 
Room Revenue booked by 
our ResConnect team for 
your hotel. 
 
You are responsible for 
any additional costs 
necessary to update your 
telephone systems at the 
property to support the 
ResConnect system. 
 
An early exit fee of 
$500/month remaining in 
the initial term (plus a pro 
rata share for the 
remaining portion of the 
current month) 
Payable monthly.  This is an optional program 
and we may change the fee 
at any time upon providing 
prior written notice to you.  
Exhibit F includes the 
ResConnect Agreement.   
 
For non-participating hotels 
that transfer calls to the 
ResConnect Program, a 
hotel may be auto-enrolled 
in the program at our 
election.  
 
Choice Privileges 
Meeting/Group Planner Point 
Program 
$0.005 per Choice 
Privileges point awarded. 
Payable monthly. Meeting organizers will be 
awarded three Choice 
Privileges per dollar spent 
on meeting related 
activities (meeting room 
rental, food and beverage, 
and meeting attendees’ 
guestrooms) 
Marketing Cooperative Fee $400 - $2,400 annually Payable by December 
31st of each year. 
This fee is established by 
the regional franchisee 
marketing cooperatives and 
varies by region and hotel 
size.  These fees are placed 
in a fund for each regional 
marketing cooperative and 
used for its operating 
expenses.  Participation in 
a marketing cooperative is 
voluntary.  See Item 11.   
RevUp Powered by Koddi Varies dependent on 
investment level 
determined by the hotel 
Payable monthly RevUp is a voluntary, 
third-party digital 
marketing program that 
provides a turnkey way for 
hotels to run localized 
marketing campaigns. 
Participating hotels can 
activate tactics such as 
metasearch, sponsored 
placements, paid search, 
paid social, Expedia 
TravelAds, and more. We 
collect the associated fees 
from hotels and remit the 
applicable amounts to 
Koddi. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
36 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Additional Consultation and 
Services Fee 
 
Dependent on the service 
requested 
As incurred We may make available to 
you additional consultation 
and services to assist you to 
construct, renovate, 
maintain, operate, and/or 
market the Hotel. 
AHLA Dues $5.25/ per room  Annually  This fee covers dues for 
membership in the 
American Hotel & Lodging 
Association.  You have the 
opportunity to opt out of 
membership by January 15 
of each year.  
AAA Official Appointment $800 - $1,600 based on 
the level of diamond 
rating and the number of 
rooms in the hotel 
Annually This fee covers the AAA 
Official Appointment 
license for hotels that are 
awarded AAA diamond 
designations.  You may opt 
out each year.   
REMEDIES AND NON-
COMPLIANCE 
   
Non-Compliance Penalty $35 - $25,000 per instance 
of non-compliance.  
As incurred. Non-compliance penalty is 
charged as a result of a 
failure to attend required 
training, to meet quality 
assurance and/or guest 
satisfaction standards 
required for the brand, non-
compliance with your 
Property Improvement 
Plan, non-compliance with 
the franchise agreement or 
the Rules and Regulations. 
This range of penalties may 
change from time to time. 
Customer Care – Guest 
Complaints Program 
$100 per complaint plus 
the cost to resolve the 
guest complaint 
As incurred If we receive a legitimate 
guest complaint within the 
hotel’s control and respond 
to or resolve the complaint 
on your behalf, you must 
pay us the program fee plus 
our costs to resolve the 
matter. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
37 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Human trafficking prevention 
training non-compliance fee 
$400 quarterly non-
compliance penalty 
As incurred Each property hotel 
owner(s) and/or 
management level designee 
is required to complete the 
ChoiceU Human 
Trafficking Prevention 
training module on 
ChoiceU. The certification 
must be renewed every 
twelve months. A quarterly 
non-compliance fee will be 
charged to hotels that do 
not comply with this brand 
requirement.  We will 
submit 100% of the 
proceeds of this non-
compliance fee to 
organizations selected by 
us that support efforts to 
combat human trafficking. 
Audit Fee Cost of each inspection or 
audit, including travel, 
lodging, meals, salaries, 
professional fees and 
other expenses.  We 
anticipate the cost will be 
$1,000 - $6,000 per 
inspection or audit. 
As incurred. Payable only if any 
inspection or audit 
(including any re-
inspection or re-audit) 
discloses a deficiency in 
any payments due under 
the franchise agreement.  If 
the deficiency in any 
payment is willful or 
exceeds 5% of the correct 
amount, you must 
immediately pay the 
deficient amount plus 
interest at 1.5% and the 
entire cost of the inspection 
or audit, including travel, 
lodging, meals, salaries, 
professional fees, and other 
expenses of the inspecting 
or auditing personnel. 
Revenue Reporting Late Fee 1.5% of the preceding 
month’s Royalty Fee and 
Marketing and 
Reservation Fee. 
Payable only if you 
do not send us the 
required reports on 
time. 
Immediately payable if any 
report is not timely 
submitted. 
Interest 1.5% of the delinquent 
amount. 
Payable only if you 
do not pay your bills 
on time. 
Immediately payable if 
your account is not timely 
paid.  
Reservation System 
Reinstatement Fee 
$5,000 This fee must be paid 
prior to the 
reinstatement of 
reservation services. 
Payable only if you are 
suspended from the 
reservation system due to 
your default and you wish 
to be reinstated. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
38 
TYPE OF FEE AMOUNT (Note 1) DUE DATE REMARKS 
Liquidated Damages 
(Note 7) 
If terminated before 
opening, the number of 
sleeping rooms multiplied 
by 36 months, multiplied 
by $85. 
 
If terminated after 
opening, the greater of (a) 
$85, multiplied by the 
number of sleeping rooms, 
multiplied by the number 
of months until the next 
date on which you may 
terminate the franchise 
agreement without penalty 
(not to exceed 36 months); 
or (b) the average monthly 
GRR for the last 12 
months, multiplied by the 
Royalty Fee, multiplied by 
the number of months 
until the next date on 
which you may terminate 
the franchise agreement 
without penalty (not to 
exceed 36 months). 
Within 30 days after 
termination. 
 
Intellectual Property 
Liquidated Damages 
$2,500 per day that you 
continue to use our 
intellectual property 
following the expiration 
or termination of the 
franchise agreement. 
Upon demand. If you continue to use our 
intellectual property after 
the expiration or 
termination of the franchise 
agreement, you must pay 
this fee to compensate us 
for damage to our 
ownership interests in our 
intellectual property.  
Costs and Attorneys’ Fees Will vary under 
circumstances 
Payable on receipt of 
invoice 
If we are successful in any 
legal action or arbitration 
proceeding we bring 
against you or in defending 
any legal action or 
arbitration proceeding you 
bring against us. 
 
Note 1:  Unless otherwise stated, these fees are imposed by us, paid to us, and are non-
refundable. Except for the Royalty Fee and liquidated damages, all fees are subject to change. Fee changes 
may reflect, among other things, inflation, increased costs or expenses, changes in third-party fees or 
charges that we pass through to franchisees, changes in the scope or nature of services or programs, or 
adjustments to remain competitive or consistent with market practices. The Travel Agent and Other 
Reservation Based Commissions fee and the Travel Agent Centralized Commission Processing Fee may 
not be paid to Choice.  Unless otherwise stated, all fees are uniformly imposed except when negotiated in 
special circumstances. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
39 
Note 2:   “Gross Room Revenues” are revenues from the rental, sale, use or occupancy of 
the sleeping rooms, meeting rooms and banquet rooms at the hotel for whatever purpose, including cash 
and credit transactions, whether or not collected by you, guaranteed no show revenue, early departure fees, 
late checkout fees, day use revenue, attrition or cancellation fees, and any proceeds from business 
interruption insurance.  It does not include taxes required by law, revenues from telephone calls, movie 
rentals, vending machines, room service or food and beverage sales. 
Note 3:  We may increase the Marketing and Reservation Fee for increases in inflation or 
costs of advertising, publicity, public relations, marketing or for increases in our cost of providing the 
reservation system or any other aspect of our franchise system so long as the increases apply to all or most 
of the U.S. hotels in our franchise system.  We may also assess additional fees and charges for various 
components of the System and other services (including promotional programs and use of proprietary 
software) as described in the Rules and Regulations.  
Note 4:   A “Travel Agent” includes traditional travel agents, such as American Express 
Travel, CWT, BCD and others, as well as online travel agents such as Expedia if those online travel agents 
book through our global distribution system (“GDS”).  The additional commission will apply to reservations 
via travel agents, GDS, and Choice’s CRS, but will not apply to reservations through online travel agents 
(for example, Expedia) that are designated by an International Air Transport Association number. 
 Note 5: Choice has secured preferred status with leading “mega” travel agencies (for 
example, multi-national travel management companies) and consortia of travel agencies so that our 
franchisees receive a high level of exposure within the Global Distribution System, corporate online 
booking tools, and preferencing through the various booking channels. This program applies to group and 
transient bookings within the program.  Annual fee caps for group booking may apply. For consumed 
reservations booked through a “mega” travel agency that are commissionable, the Travel Agent and Other 
Reservation Based Commissions Fee and Travel Agent Centralized Commission Processing Fee will apply. 
These payments are made through ONYX.  Hotels that are not current with their travel agent fees risk 
suspension from the agencies booking tool. 
Note 6:  ChoiceMAX is a revenue management technology solution that provides 
forecasting and pricing recommendations and includes: a Revenue Management Technology Solution; 
reporting and analytical tools; and revenue management support.  ChoiceROCS will provide these elements 
as a package or individually to supplement franchisees’ revenue management program.  ChoiceROCS 
includes a Revenue Management Consultation and works in tandem with ChoiceMAX (or similar 
program).  The cost of both programs is determined by the number of rooms in the hotel and offering/service 
tier.  See the ChoiceMAX and ChoiceROCS fees described in this Item 6.  Monthly fees for ChoiceMAX 
(or similar program) will be bundled with the ChoiceROCS monthly fee for participating hotels. 
Note 7:  This fee is payable only if the franchise agreement is terminated due to your breach 
and does not apply where state law prohibits it.  
ITEM 7 
 
ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES OR COMFORT SUITES CONVERSION HOTEL 
(Note 1) 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
40 
TYPE OF EXPENDITURE AMOUNT 
(Note 2) 
METHOD OF 
PAYMENT  
WHEN 
DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS 
TO BE MADE Low High 
Affiliation Fee (Note 3) $500/room for new 
franchises, $750 per room 
for transfers and renewals 
($50,000 minimum for 
new franchises, $65,000 
minimum for transfers and 
renewals) 
Lump sum Upon 
application 
Us 
Property Improvements (Note 
4) 
$600,000  
 
$2,411,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your general 
contractor. 
suppliers or 
Qualified 
Vendor 
Insurance 
(Note 5) 
$2,500 
 
$87,500 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your insurance 
carriers 
Advertising $2,500 $40,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Various 
advertising 
media 
Brand in a Box (Note 6) $15,150 $30,000 Lump sum Before 
opening 
Us.  See also 
Item 5. 
 
Opening Inventory of Supplies 
(Note 7) 
$25,200  
 
$142,800  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers 
or Qualified 
Vendor 
Immersion and Hospitality 
Operations Training Fees Per 
Person (Note 8) 
$3,345 $5,295 As incurred Before 
opening 
Us 
Mandatory On-Premises Signs 
(including freight and 
installation but excluding 
maintenance and insurance) 
$15,000 $100,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Qualified 
Vendor 
Interior Design Waiver Fee 
(Note 9) 
$0 $20,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Us 
Architectural Design Review & 
Construction Services (Note 
10) 
 
$0 $20,000  
 
As incurred and 
due at the time 
of request 
Before 
opening 
Us 
Permits, Licenses and 
Government Fees 
 
Varies 
 
Varies 
 
As incurred 
 
Before 
opening 
 
Your general 
contractor 
(varies by local 
jurisdiction) 
 
Professional Design Services 
(Note 11) 
 
$30,000  
 
$100,000  
 
As incurred 
 
Before 
opening 
 
Your Architect, 
Interior Design 
& Engineering 
consultants 
 
Revenue Management Setup 
and Training Fee 
$2,500 $2,500 As incurred Before 
opening 
Us 
Working Capital Required 
Before Operations Begin (Note 
12) 
$15,000 $40,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers, 
your employees, 
utilities, 
consultants 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
41 
TYPE OF EXPENDITURE AMOUNT 
(Note 2) 
METHOD OF 
PAYMENT  
WHEN 
DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS 
TO BE MADE Low High 
Additional Funds for 3-Month 
Initial Period (Note 13) 
$25,000 $50,000 Monthly 
payment for 
recurring fees; 
as incurred for 
other expenses 
After 
opening 
Us, your 
suppliers, your 
employees, 
utilities 
TOTAL ESTIMATED 
INITIAL INVESTMENT 
(Note 14)  
$822,951  
 
$3,335,295  
 
   
TOTAL COST PER ROOM 
(Based on 80 Rooms) 
$10,287  
 
$41,691  
 
   
 
Note 1:  This table is an estimate of the initial investment required to convert an existing 
hotel and the estimate provided is based on our experience and our brand standards.  Estimates are based 
on an 80-guestroom hotel. The table does not include the cost of purchasing or leasing real estate, which 
cannot be estimated with any certainty due to variables such as location, acreage, terms and whether leased 
or purchased. 
Note 2:   Costs paid to Choice are not refundable, unless otherwise stated.  Whether any 
costs paid to third parties are refundable will vary based on the particular third party and on where your 
hotel is located. 
Note 3:  The full affiliation fee is due no later than the time you sign the franchise 
agreement and is non-refundable following our signing of the franchise agreement.  If for any reason we 
do not grant you a franchise or a franchise agreement is not countersigned by us, the affiliation fee, less a 
$5,000 application fee, will be refunded to you. 
Note 4:  Renovation costs vary considerably and the estimate provided is based on a typical 
property improvement plan provided by us that the hotel must complete to upgrade to our standards.  The 
costs provided include an estimate for furniture, fixtures and equipment that must be refurbished, replaced, 
or removed; however, the costs provided do not include deferred maintenance items such as the Hotel 
parking lot, HVAC, or exterior, and the costs provided also do not include required labor cost for these 
improvements.  Upon application, we will provide you with a customized property improvement plan 
unique to your hotel.  Your costs to upgrade the hotel to our standards may depend on local contractor and 
material costs in your area as well as the condition of your hotel at the time you apply for a franchise and 
may fall outside the estimated range provided. 
Note 5:   These policies cover construction, General Liability, Cyber Liability, and Workers 
Compensation, including Statutory Workers Compensation and Employers Liability insurance, and must 
provide minimum limits per location of coverage as stated in the franchise agreement. 
Note 6:  Brand in a Box includes the cost of pre-opening items that we will order on your 
behalf, including pre-opening photography ranging from $3,500-$5,000, hardware required to operate 
choiceADVANTAGE® ranging from $4,900-$14,000, and the choiceADVANTAGE® software license 
and systems onboarding fee ranging from $8,750-$10,750.  The choiceADVANTAGE® software license 
and onboarding fees include the costs of the initial software license, onboarding, eLearning modules, project 
management and the credit card interface.  Your costs may fall on the higher end of this range depending 
on the number of rooms, additional interfaces and integrations you select. The fees do not include the 
monthly choiceADVANTAGE® support fee to cover ongoing remote software support. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
42 
Note 7:  Opening inventory of supplies includes brand standards items, linen, paper 
supplies and housekeeping supplies that meet our system requirements.  
Note 8:  Immersion and Hospitality operations training includes the cost to attend Choice 
Onboard Immersion training and HOST training.  Our Choice Onboard training fee is $1,950 and covers 3 
days of Immersion training provided monthly at our Choice corporate location in North Bethesda, 
Maryland.  The costs do not include the cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend the required training 
programs.  Our HOST training fee is $1,395 and covers an operator certification program that is offered 
virtually, consisting of self-paced online lessons, live interactive virtual workshops, and exams.  The costs 
do not include the cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend the required training programs.  Some or all of 
the training may not be required if you have previously owned a Choice branded hotel or have obtained a 
Choice training certification for another existing hotel. 
Note 9:  If you request a waiver from using a pre-approved interior design scheme or 
Qualified Vendor, you must pay our then-current fee, regardless of whether the waiver is granted.  
Note 10: If you request a waiver for using a non-prototypical building design, then you must 
pay our then-current fee, regardless of whether the waiver is granted. This fee includes an architectural 
design & engineering review fee and construction inspection fee in reviewing your request. 
Note 11: Professional Design Services includes costs that are paid to your architect, 
engineer, and other related professionals for the development of your Hotel, which must follow the 
prototype architectural drawings and specifications supplied by us. You must submit all drawings and 
specifications to us, and we must approve of these drawings prior to your submission to local jurisdictions. 
You must commission an architect and engineer directly and make payments directly to them. 
Note 12: We estimate that you will need this amount in working capital before the Hotel 
opens.  The actual amount of working capital you will need depends on a variety of factors, such as the 
number of paid employees you hire and their rate of pay, your own management and operational skills, 
economic conditions, and competition.   
Note 13: We based these estimates on our experience with hotel franchises, discussions with 
hotel businesspeople and recent trends in pricing from other relevant companies. 
Note 14: The total investment above assumes the hotel is currently open and operating at 
the time you apply for a franchise and has real estate, furniture, fixtures, and equipment, hotel staff, a high 
speed internet access solution for in-room, in-lobby, public areas, and meeting rooms, current marketing 
and advertising programs, and other standards to operate a hotel.  If the hotel does not have a solution for 
high-speed internet access, the cost could be $0-$20,000 to convert an existing hotel to our brand standards, 
including wiring, routers, software, server, splitters, access points, gateway, etc.  In addition, your total 
investment may be higher if you are required to participate in our Performance Engagement Training or 
Re-Licensing Systems Training.  Neither of these programs is required for all owners.  Our Performance 
Engagement Training fee is $4,500 and covers 5 days of customized on-site training for owners new to 
Choice Hotels that have little or no experience in hospitality and franchising.  The Re-Licensing Systems 
Training fee is $995 and is payable only when a franchised hotel has changed ownership and the new owner 
signs a franchise agreement with us.  The Re-Licensing Systems Training fee covers the cost of 2-days of 
remote training concerning our proprietary choiceADVANTAGE property management and reservation 
system. 
COMFORT INN OR COMFORT INN & SUITES NEW CONSTRUCTION HOTEL  
(Note 1) 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
43 
TYPE OF 
EXPENDITURE 
AMOUNT (Note 2) METHOD 
OF 
PAYMENT 
WHEN 
DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS 
TO BE MADE 
Low High 
Affiliation Fee (Note 3) $500/room for new 
franchises, $750 per room 
for transfers and renewals 
($50,000 minimum for new 
franchises, $65,000 
minimum for transfers and 
renewals) 
Lump sum Upon 
application 
Us 
Permits, Licenses and 
Government Fees 
 
Varies 
 
Varies 
 
As incurred 
 
Before 
opening 
 
Your general 
contractor 
(varies by local 
jurisdiction) 
 
Professional Design Services 
(Note 4) 
 
$200,000  
 
$450,000  
 
As incurred 
 
Before 
opening 
 
Your Architect, 
Interior Design & 
Engineering 
consultants 
 
Legal Fees  $10,000 $45,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your attorneys 
Feasibility/Market/Environm
ental Impact Studies (if 
necessary) 
$10,000  
 
$35,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your consultants 
Construction  
(excluding soft costs) (Note 
5) 
$8,756,000  
 
$13,394,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your general 
contractor 
Equipment for food 
preparation, fitness and 
laundry facilities 
$136,500  
 
$210,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers 
and/or Qualified 
Vendor 
Insurance 
(Note 6) 
$55,000 $250,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your insurance 
carriers 
Pre-Opening Advertising $5,000 $60,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Various 
advertising media 
Furniture, Fixtures & 
Equipment (Note 7) 
$627,000  
 
$897,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers or 
Qualified Vendor 
Brand in a Box (Note 8) $15,150 $30,000 Lump sum Before 
opening 
Us.  See also Item 
5. 
 
Opening Inventory of 
Supplies (Note 9) 
$202,910  
 
$313,120  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers or 
Qualified Vendor 
Immersion and Hospitality 
Operations Training Fees 
(Note 10) 
$3,345 $5,295 As incurred Before 
opening 
Us 
High Speed Internet Access 
for in-room, in-lobby, public 
areas and meeting rooms 
(Note 11) 
$10,000 $20,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your supplier 
and/or Qualified 
Vendor 
Mandatory On-Premises 
Signs (including freight and 
installation) (plus 
maintenance and insurance) 
$20,000  $100,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Qualified Vendor 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
44 
TYPE OF 
EXPENDITURE 
AMOUNT (Note 2) METHOD 
OF 
PAYMENT 
WHEN 
DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS 
TO BE MADE 
Low High 
Interior Design Waiver Fee 
(Note 12) 
$0 $20,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Us 
Architectural Design Review 
& Construction Services 
(Note 13) 
 
$0 $20,000  
 
As incurred 
and due at the 
time of request 
Before 
opening 
Us 
Revenue Management 
Setup and Training Fee 
$2,500 $2,500 As incurred Before 
opening 
Us 
Working Capital Required 
Before Operations Begin 
(Note 14) 
$145,000 $285,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers, 
your employees, 
utilities, 
consultants 
Additional Funds for 3-
Month Initial Period (Note 
15) 
$70,000 $100,000 Monthly 
payment for 
recurring fees; 
as incurred for 
other expenses 
After 
opening 
Us, your 
suppliers, your 
employees, 
utilities 
TOTAL ESTIMATED 
INITIAL INVESTMENT 
(Note 16)  
$10,318,405  
 
$16,302,115  
 
 
   
TOTAL COST PER 
ROOM (Based on 89 
Rooms) 
$115,937  
  
$183,170  
 
   
 
Note 1:  This table is an estimate of the initial investment required to construct and open a 
new construction hotel and the estimate provided is based on our experience and our prototype designs.  
Estimates are based on an 89-guestroom hotel. Unusually high locally imposed development fees might 
impact initial expenses.  The table does not include the cost of purchasing or leasing real estate, which 
cannot be estimated with any certainty due to variables such as location, acreage, terms and whether leased 
or purchased.  It also does not include any costs associated with any sitework, general conditions, or general 
contractor fees, and these costs may vary widely. 
 
Note 2:   Costs paid to Choice are not refundable, unless otherwise stated.  Whether any 
costs paid to third parties are refundable will vary based on the particular third party and on where your 
hotel is located. 
Note 3:  The full affiliation fee is due no later than the time you sign the franchise 
agreement and is non-refundable following our signing of the franchise agreement.  If for any reason we 
do not grant you a franchise or a franchise agreement is not countersigned by us, the affiliation fee, less 
$5,000, will be refunded to you. 
Note 4:   Professional Design Services includes costs that are paid to your architect, 
engineer, and other related professionals for the development of your Hotel, which must follow the 
prototype architectural drawings and specifications supplied by us. You must submit all drawings and 
specifications to us, and we must approve of these drawings prior to your submission to local jurisdictions. 
You must commission an architect and engineer directly and make payments directly to them. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
45 
Note 5:  The cost of construction may vary substantially from location to location.  The 
type of construction used, site conditions, cost of materials, labor costs, local code requirements, 
competitive conditions, and other factors will affect the cost.  Construction costs may also vary depending 
upon soil and environmental conditions, availability of utilities to the site, and the topography of the site. 
This estimate does not include site work, project management fees, general contractor profits, or other 
“soft” costs, which may vary substantially. The estimate also does not include the cost of permits and 
licenses.   
Note 6:   These policies cover construction, General Liability, Cyber Liability, and Workers 
Compensation, including Statutory Workers Compensation and Employers Liability insurance, and must 
provide minimum limits per location of coverage as stated in the franchise agreement.  
Note 7:  This amount does not include taxes, shipping, or installation costs. 
Note 8:  Brand in a Box includes the cost of pre-opening items that we will order on your 
behalf, including pre-opening photography ranging from $3,500-$5,000, hardware required to operate 
choiceADVANTAGE® ranging from $4,900-$14,000, and the choiceADVANTAGE® software license 
and systems onboarding fee ranging from $8,750-$10,750.  The choiceADVANTAGE® software license 
and onboarding fees include the costs of the initial software license, onboarding, eLearning modules, project 
management and the credit card interface.  Your costs may fall on the higher end of this range depending 
on the number of rooms, additional interfaces and integrations you select. The fees do not include the 
monthly choiceADVANTAGE® support fee to cover ongoing remote software support. 
Note 9:  Opening inventory of supplies includes brand standards items, linen, paper 
supplies and housekeeping supplies. It also includes supplies required to operate the hotel’s kitchen, fitness 
room, guest laundry, hotel laundry, and phone system. 
Note 10: Immersion and Hospitality operations training includes the cost to attend Choice  
Onboard Immersion training and HOST training.  Our Choice Onboard training fee is $1,950 and covers 3 
days of Immersion training provided monthly at our Choice corporate location in North Bethesda, 
Maryland.  The costs do not include the cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend the required training 
programs.  Our HOST training fee is $1,395 and covers an operator certification program that is offered 
virtually, consisting of self-paced online lessons, live interactive virtual workshops, and exams.  The costs 
do not include the cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend the required training programs.  Some or all of 
the training may not be required if you have previously owned a Choice branded hotel or have obtained a 
Choice training certification for another existing hotel. 
Note 11: The estimate of $10,000-$20,000 is based on a wired solution for a hotel that is to 
be newly constructed for the hotel size indicated. This estimate includes wiring, 
routers, software, server, splitters, etc.  A wireless solution could range from $4,500-$9,500 depending 
upon the number of access points, wiring to the access points, gateway, etc.  You must also arrange and pay 
for the incoming broadband service, which is typically delivered by a commercial grade T-1 or Digital 
Subscriber Line (“DSL”). You may purchase this from any available broadband supplier; however, we 
reserve the right to require a single supplier as necessary to ensure that all hotels in the Choice franchise 
system meet required standards as well as to promote more efficient communications between Choice and 
your hotel.  We currently estimate that the cost will range from $1,800-$12,800 per year.  This estimate is 
based on the hotel size indicated and currently includes high speed internet access (delivered by a 
commercial grade T-1, DSL or a Fractional T-1) and 24/7 support provided by a third party with Tier I 
and Tier II levels.  Your costs will vary depending upon bandwidth usage and your hotel’s size and location.  
Although we currently permit you to purchase these services from any available source, in the future we 
may require you to use a designated source, as necessary to maintain overall brand standards. We currently 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
46 
require you to use a designated Qualified Vendor to provide your High-Speed Internet Access solution. 
Note 12: If you request a waiver from using a pre-approved interior design scheme or 
Qualified Vendor, you must pay our then-current fee, regardless of whether the waiver is granted.  
Note 13: If you request a waiver for using a non-prototypical building design, then you must 
pay our then-current fee, regardless of whether the waiver is granted.  This fee includes an architectural 
design & engineering review fee and review fee and construction inspection fee in reviewing your request. 
 Note 14: We estimate that you will need this amount in working capital before the Hotel 
opens.  This includes salaries that you will need to pay to your General Manager, salespeople, and other 
essential personnel.  The actual amount of working capital you will need depends on a variety of factors, 
such as the number of paid employees you hire and their rate of pay, your own management and operational 
skills, economic conditions, and competition. The estimate in the table does not include loan origination 
points. The origination points you may be charged will depend on your specific lender and will vary by the 
loan type you select.  Our experiences estimate that origination points have ranged between 1 and 2 percent 
of the amount borrowed. We also have not included real estate taxes, which will vary based on location and 
local real estate costs. 
Note 15: We based these estimates on our experience with hotel franchises, discussions with 
hotel businesspeople and recent trends in pricing from other relevant companies.  
Note 16: This table does not include land costs or real estate taxes.  In addition, your total 
investment may be higher if you are required to participate in our Performance Engagement Training or 
Re-Licensing Systems Training.  Neither of these programs is required for all owners.  Our Performance 
Engagement Training fee is $4,500 and covers 5 days of customized on-site training for owners new to 
Choice Hotels that have little or no experience in hospitality and franchising.  The Re-Licensing Systems 
Training fee is $995 and is payable only when a franchised hotel has changed ownership and the new owner 
signs a franchise agreement with us.  The Re-Licensing Systems Training fee covers the cost of 2-days of 
remote training concerning our proprietary choiceADVANTAGE property management and reservation 
system. 
COMFORT SUITES NEW CONSTRUCTION HOTEL (Note 1) 
TYPE OF 
EXPENDITURE 
AMOUNT 
(Note 2) 
METHOD 
OF 
PAYMENT 
WHEN 
DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS 
TO BE MADE Low High 
Affiliation Fee (Note 3) $500/room for new franchises, 
$750 per room for transfers and 
renewals ($50,000 minimum 
for new franchises, $65,000 
minimum for transfers and 
renewals) 
Lump sum Upon 
application 
Us 
Permits, Licenses and 
Government Fees 
 
Varies 
 
Varies 
 
As incurred 
 
Before 
opening 
 
Your general 
contractor 
(varies by local 
jurisdiction) 
 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
47 
TYPE OF 
EXPENDITURE 
AMOUNT 
(Note 2) 
METHOD 
OF 
PAYMENT 
WHEN 
DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS 
TO BE MADE Low High 
Professional Design 
Services (Note 4) 
 
$200,000  
 
$450,000  
 
As incurred 
 
Before 
opening 
 
Your Architect, 
Interior Design & 
Engineering 
consultants 
 
Legal Fees  $10,000 $45,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your attorneys 
Feasibility/Market/Enviro
nmental Impact Studies 
(if necessary) 
$10,000  
 
$35,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your consultants 
Construction (excluding 
soft costs) (Note 5)  
$9,790,000 
 
$14,976,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your general 
contractor 
Insurance 
(Note 6) 
$55,000 $250,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your insurance 
carriers 
Pre-Opening Advertising $5,000 $60,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Various 
advertising media 
Furniture, Fixtures & 
Equipment (Note 7) 
$734,600  
 
$1,274,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers or 
Qualified Vendor 
Equipment for food 
preparation, fitness and 
laundry facilities 
$136,500  
 
$210,000  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers or 
Qualified Vendor 
Brand in a Box (Note 8) $15,150 $30,000 Lump sum Before 
opening 
Us.  See also Item 
5. 
 
Opening Inventory of 
Supplies (Note 9) 
$206,000  
 
$346,080  
 
As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers or 
Qualified Vendor 
Immersion and 
Hospitality Operations 
Training Fees (Note 10) 
$3,345 $5,295 As incurred Before 
opening 
Us 
High Speed Internet 
Access for in-room, in-
lobby, public areas and 
meeting rooms (Note 11) 
$10,000 
 
$20,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your supplier 
and/or Qualified 
Vendor 
Mandatory On-Premises 
Signs (including freight 
and installation plus 
maintenance and 
insurance 
$20,000  $100,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Qualified Vendor 
Interior Design Waiver 
Fee (Note 12)  
$0 $20,000  
 
As incurred  Before 
opening 
Us 
Architectural Design 
Review & Construction 
Services (Note 13) 
$0 $20,000  
 
As incurred 
and due at the 
time of request 
Before 
opening 
Us 
Working Capital 
Required Before 
Operations Begin (Note 
16) 
$150,000 $295,000 As incurred Before 
opening 
Your suppliers, 
your employees, 
utilities, 
consultants 
Additional Funds for 3-
Month Initial Period 
(Note 17) 
$80,000 $125,000 Monthly 
payment for 
recurring fees; 
as incurred for 
other expenses 
After 
opening 
Us, your suppliers, 
your employees, 
utilities 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
48 
TYPE OF 
EXPENDITURE 
AMOUNT 
(Note 2) 
METHOD 
OF 
PAYMENT 
WHEN 
DUE 
TO WHOM 
PAYMENT IS 
TO BE MADE Low High 
TOTAL ESTIMATED 
INITIAL 
INVESTMENT (Note 
18)  
$11,478,095  
  
$18,328,875  
  
   
TOTAL COST PER 
ROOM (Based on 89 
Rooms) 
$128,967  
  
$205,942  
 
   
 
Note 1:  This table is an estimate of the initial investment required to construct and open a 
new construction hotel and the estimate provided is based on our experience and our prototype designs.  
Estimates are based on an 89-guestroom hotel. Unusually high locally imposed development fees might 
impact initial expenses.  The table does not include the cost of purchasing or leasing real estate, which 
cannot be estimated with any certainty due to variables such as location, acreage, terms and whether leased 
or purchased.  It also does not include any costs associated with any sitework, general conditions, or general 
contractor fees, and these costs may vary widely.  
Note 2:   Costs paid to Choice are not refundable, unless otherwise stated.  Whether any 
costs paid to third parties are refundable will vary based on the particular third party and on where your 
hotel is located. 
Note 3:  The full affiliation fee is due no later than the time you sign the franchise 
agreement and is non-refundable following our signing of the franchise agreement.  If for any reason we 
do not grant you a franchise or a franchise agreement is not countersigned by us, the affiliation fee, less 
$5,000, will be refunded to you. 
Note 4:   Professional Design Services includes costs that are paid to your architect, 
engineer, and other related professionals for the development of your Hotel, which must follow the 
prototype architectural drawings and specifications supplied by us. You must submit all drawings and 
specifications to us, and we must approve of these drawings prior to your submission to local jurisdictions. 
You must commission an architect and engineer directly and make payments directly to them. 
Note 5:  The cost of construction may vary substantially from location to location.  The 
type of construction used, site conditions, cost of materials, labor costs, local code requirements, 
competitive conditions, and other factors will affect the cost.  Construction costs may also vary depending 
upon soil and environmental conditions, availability of utilities to the site, and the topography of the site. 
This estimate does not include site work, project management fees, general contractor profits, or other 
“soft” costs, which may vary substantially. The estimate also does not include the cost of permits and 
licenses.   
Note 6:  These policies cover construction, General Liability, Cyber Liability, and Workers 
Compensation, including Statutory Workers Compensation and Employers Liability insurance, and must 
provide minimum limits per location of coverage as stated in the franchise agreement.  
Note 7:  This amount does not include taxes, shipping, or installation costs. 
Note 8:  Brand in a Box includes the cost of pre-opening items that we will order on your 
behalf, including pre-opening photography ranging from $3,500-$5,000, hardware required to operate 
choiceADVANTAGE® ranging from $4,900-$14,000, and the choiceADVANTAGE® software license 
and systems onboarding fee ranging from $8,750-$10,750.  The choiceADVANTAGE® software license 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
49 
and onboarding fees include the costs of the initial software license, onboarding, eLearning modules, project 
management and the credit card interface.  Your costs may fall on the higher end of this range depending 
on the number of rooms, additional interfaces and integrations you select. The fees do not include the 
monthly choiceADVANTAGE® support fee to cover ongoing remote software support. 
Note 9:  Opening inventory of supplies includes brand standards items, linen, paper 
supplies and housekeeping supplies. It also includes supplies required to operate the hotel’s kitchen, fitness 
room, guest laundry, hotel laundry, and phone system. 
Note 10: Immersion and Hospitality operations training includes the cost to attend Choice  
Onboard Immersion training and HOST training.  Our Choice Onboard training fee is $1,950 and covers 3 
days of Immersion training provided monthly at our Choice corporate location in North Bethesda, 
Maryland. The costs do not include the cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend the required training 
programs. Our HOST training fee is $1,395 and covers an operator certification program that is offered 
virtually, consisting of self-paced online lessons, live interactive virtual workshops, and exams.  The costs 
do not include the cost of travel, lodging, or meals to attend the required training programs.  Some or all of 
the training may not be required if you have previously owned a Choice branded hotel or have obtained a 
Choice training certification for another existing hotel.  
Note 11: The estimate of $10,000-$20,000 is based on a wired solution for a hotel that is to 
be newly constructed for the hotel size indicated.  This estimate includes wiring, 
routers, software, server, splitters, etc.  A wireless solution could range from $4,500-$9,500 depending 
upon the number of access points, wiring to the access points, gateway, etc.  You must also arrange and pay 
for the incoming broadband service, which is typically delivered by a commercial grade T-1 or Digital 
Subscriber Line (“DSL”). You may purchase this from any available broadband supplier; however, we 
reserve the right to require a single supplier as necessary to ensure that all hotels in the Choice franchise 
system meet required standards as well as to promote more efficient communications between Choice and 
your hotel.  We currently estimate that the cost will range from $1,800 - $12,800 per year.  This estimate is 
based on the hotel size indicated and currently includes high speed internet access (delivered by a 
commercial grade T-1, DSL or a Fractional T-1) and 24/7 support provided by a third party with Tier I 
and Tier II levels.  Your costs will vary depending upon bandwidth usage and your hotel’s size and location.  
Although we currently permit you to purchase these services from any available source, in the future we 
may require you to use a designated source, as necessary to maintain overall brand standards. We currently 
require you to use a designated Qualified Vendor to provide your High-Speed Internet Access solution. 
Note 12: If you request a waiver from using a pre-approved interior design scheme or 
Qualified Vendor, you must pay our then-current fee, regardless of whether the waiver is granted. 
Note 13: If you request a waiver for using a non-prototypical building design, then you must 
pay our then-current fee, regardless of whether the waiver is granted.  This fee includes an architectural 
design & engineering review fee and review fee and construction inspection fee in reviewing your request. 
Note 14: We estimate that you will need this amount in working capital before the Hotel 
opens.  This includes salaries that you will need to pay to your General Manager, salespeople, and other 
essential personnel.  The actual amount of working capital you will need depends on a variety of factors, 
such as the number of paid employees you hire and their rate of pay, your own management and operational 
skills, economic conditions, and competition.  The estimate in the table does not include loan origination 
points. The origination points you may be charged will depend on your specific lender and will vary by the 
loan type you select.  Our experiences estimate that origination points have ranged between 1 and 2 percent 
of the amount borrowed. We also have not included real estate taxes, which will vary based on location and 
local real estate costs. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
50 
Note 15: We based these estimates on our experience with hotel franchises, discussions with 
hotel businesspeople and recent trends in pricing from other relevant companies. 
Note 16: This table does not include land costs or real estate taxes.  In addition, your total 
investment may be higher if you are required to participate in our Performance Engagement Training or 
Re-Licensing Systems Training.  Neither of these programs is required for all owners.  Our Performance 
Engagement Training fee is $4,500 and covers 5 days of customized on-site training for owners new to 
Choice Hotels that have little or no experience in hospitality and franchising.  The Re-Licensing Systems 
Training fee is $995 and is payable only when a franchised hotel has changed ownership and the new owner 
signs a franchise agreement with us.  The Re-Licensing Systems Training fee covers the cost of 2-days of 
remote training concerning our proprietary choiceADVANTAGE® property management and reservation 
system.  
ITEM 8 
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
All COMFORT hotels are required to meet the current minimum design standards for the brand, 
including Choice-approved product in the public space, guestrooms, and exterior, if applicable.  You must 
design the hotel to meet the current minimum standards for guestroom size and facilities and equip the hotel 
with furniture, fixtures and equipment, bath and bed linens, draperies, bedcoverings, floor coverings, wall 
coverings, lighting, ice machines, telephone systems and other amenities for which we have established 
written specifications or minimum standards.  We may modify our specifications in writing as we determine 
appropriate from time to time and may add new specifications or brand guidelines, in writing, including 
any manuals or policies regarding, among other things, our standards and requirements for construction, 
equipment, furnishings, supplies, maintenance and marketing that are applicable to COMFORT hotels 
(“Rules and Regulations”). 
Our Procurement Services Department maintains a list of “Qualified Vendors” of products and 
services for our franchisees.  Certain Qualified Vendors are designated in the Rules and Regulations as an 
exclusive supplier or as an approved non-exclusive preferred vendor.  Unless required by the Rules and 
Regulations, you do not have to purchase products that otherwise meet brand standards from Qualified 
Vendors.  You do have to purchase certain Choice Mark-bearing items, such as signs and bath amenities, 
only from Qualified Vendors. You must also purchase bedding, computer hardware, food and beverage 
products, furniture fixtures and equipment packages and other brand standard items per brand specifications 
through a Qualified Vendor.  Neither Choice nor any persons affiliated with Choice are currently Qualified 
Vendors. 
Vendors that are not on the Qualified Vendor list may apply to become “Qualified,” and you may 
recommend new vendors to us.  Among the criteria that we consider is the financial stability of the company, 
whether the product or service meets brand standards and if the product or service is of use to our 
franchisees.  Our criteria are available to you for review upon your request. Where applicable, the vendor 
may be asked to submit product samples and specifications to us. We usually make our decision and notify 
the vendor within 90 days after all information and samples have been submitted, although a longer period 
may be required for products or services that, due to their cost or importance to the brand, may have 
significant financial impact on our franchisees.  We may limit the number of Qualified Vendors for a variety 
of reasons, including:  obtaining volume discounts; promoting consistent quality; and/or securing adequate 
supplies for a particular brand.  We may revoke a vendor’s “Qualified” status if the vendor no longer meets 
our criteria, if they breach their agreement with us, or if the product or service offered is no longer 
competitive in price or quality, among other reasons.   

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
51 
None of our officers own a material interest in any privately-held suppliers, or a material interest 
in any publicly-held suppliers of our franchise system.  From time to time, our officers may own non-
material interests in publicly-held companies that are suppliers to our franchise system. 
We receive certain commissions or rebates from Qualified Vendors that typically range from 1% 
to 2% (but may be up to 20%) of net sales volume to franchisees, as well as a flat fee that we typically 
receive annually from each Qualified Vendor. In exchange for these fees, we may provide each vendor with 
certain services, which may include one or more of the following: marketing services from our Procurement 
Managers and/or marketing personnel; space on our ChoiceBuys.com website; a booth at our annual 
convention; advertisements in our print and electronic publications (e.g., Marketplace and Single Vendor 
Emails); and sponsorship opportunities, among other benefits.  We do not provide franchisees with any 
material benefits, such as opportunities to acquire additional franchises, based on their purchases of 
particular products or services from Qualified Vendors or use of particular Qualified Vendors.  
You must display at your hotel entrance the number and type of identity signs required by the Rules 
and Regulations.  Such signs must display the approved brand name and logo of your hotel.  Signs are 
available from manufacturers who must be approved by us and who must comply with brand specifications. 
Each sign manufacturer must meet certain business, financial and insurance requirements.  We derive 
income from appointment fees, limited trademark licenses, drawing charges and commissions on signs sold 
and that are purchased through signage Qualified Vendors. All highway billboards and printed advertising, 
among other electronic or printed media, must use the Choice Marks in accordance with our specifications.   
We also periodically negotiate preferred marketing agreements with corporations and other 
organizations for joint marketing efforts, which may result in commissionable stays at your hotel.  If you 
make inventory available to these organizations, we may retain up to 50% of any commissions payable by 
you in consideration of our marketing services and program administration costs. 
As described in Item 7, you must obtain and maintain insurance which will include, at a minimum, 
insurance policies of the kinds, and in the amounts, required by us (Franchise Agreement, Section 12).  
These written insurance policies include, at a minimum, the following coverage during construction or 
complete renovation of the hotel: commercial general liability insurance (including automobile liability, 
bodily injury and property damage) for all types of liabilities, together with the costs of defense and/or 
adjustments arising out of the operations to construct the hotel, providing limits of coverage of not less than 
$1,000,000 per occurrence, and including coverage for contractual liability, explosion, collapse and 
underground property damage hazard liability, personal injury liability, products and completed operations 
liability, owner’s and contractor’s protective liability, and independent contractor’s liability; all-risk 
builder’s insurance to insure the hotel buildings under construction to 100% of their replacement cost value; 
and a workers’ compensation policy as required by statute.  During the operation of the hotel, required 
insurance policies include, at a minimum: all-risk physical damage coverage insuring the hotel and its 
contents for full replacement costs; commercial automobile (including hired and non-owned automobile) 
and commercial general liability insurance policies written on an occurrence form, which must include 
contractual, products and completed operations, independent contractors, personal injury, property damage, 
bodily injury and host liquor liability coverage, together with the costs and expenses of the defense and/or 
adjustment of injury or damage, providing limits of coverage, per location, of not less than $5,000,000 
($10,000,000 to $15,000,000 if the hotel has 6 or more stories) per occurrence; cyber liability insurance 
coverage that provides minimum coverage of $1,000,000 per location; workers’ compensation and 
employers’ liability insurance with minimum employers liability limits of $1,000,000 bodily injury by 
accident (each accident); $1,000,000 bodily injury by disease (policy limit); and $1,000,000 bodily injury 
by disease (each employee), whether or not required by the state where the hotel is located; dram shop/liquor 
liability insurance with limits of not less than $5,000,000 per occurrence if alcoholic beverages are sold at 
the hotel (whether or not you own the establishment that sells alcohol); pollution/environmental legal 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
52 
liability insurance $500,000 per pollution incident/$1,000,000 aggregate, covering bodily injury, property 
damage, cleanup costs and defense costs arising from, or associated with, a pollution condition at a covered 
location.  There will be no exclusion for carbon monoxide, and affirmative coverage for Legionella and 
microbial matter/mold; employment practices liability insurance $1,000,000 limit, including $1,000,000 
third party coverage; and business interruption insurance that provides coverage for a minimum of three 
months in the event the hotel is not operational. 
You must also obtain and attach endorsements to your insurance policies adding us and our 
affiliates and subsidiaries, our and their respective officers, directors, agents, partners and employees, as 
additional insureds and provide waiver of subrogation on commercial automobile, commercial general, 
workers’ compensation/employers’ liability (if allowed), pollution liability, umbrella insurance policies and 
dram shop/liquor liability (if applicable), and adding us as co-defendant under the employment practices 
liability policies.  If you fail to procure or maintain the minimum insurance described above (or as 
designated by us from time to time in the brand standards or Rules and Regulations), we may procure the 
insurance on your behalf and charge you the cost of the insurance and, at our option, a reasonable penalty.  
You will be required to reimburse us for the cost of such insurance and for any reasonable out-of-pocket 
costs that we incur should we elect to obtain the insurance on your behalf. 
You must purchase from us a software license to onboard and use choiceADVANTAGE®.  You 
also must purchase the mandatory hardware package we specify that meets or exceeds specifications needed 
to operate choiceADVANTAGE®.  You are required to use a designated Qualified Vendor to purchase and 
install a dedicated, wired, business grade High Speed Internet Access solution located at the front desk for 
access to choiceADVANTAGE® (see Items 5, 7 & 11 for more details). 
You must participate in any purchasing or distribution cooperative (Group Purchasing 
Organization) we maintain as mandated by the Rules and Regulations and in conjunction with specific 
brands standards, programs and initiatives.  An average of $500.00 per month in total applicable purchases 
is required.  Properties that fail to meet the minimum purchasing requirements may be subject to a non-
compliance fee.  You will automatically become a member of a cooperative buying program at no additional 
cost to you.  The Choice Partner Services Department attempts to negotiate price terms believed to 
beneficial from its Qualified Vendors for franchisees, and we may from time to time offer cooperative 
buying programs to provide additional savings.  If you meet other eligibility requirements, you may receive 
a waiver from being a member of such program by completing and sending us the electronic waiver request 
form located within the FAQs on Choicebuys.com.  Most product and services offerings are accessible via 
ChoiceBuys.com, a proprietary web-based electronic catalogue.  
In the year ended December 31, 2025, our total revenues were about $1,596.8 million.  Of this 
figure, revenues attributable to required purchases by franchisees of products and services were $73.8 
million, or about 4.62% of our total revenues in 2025, which includes revenues from Qualified Vendors 
and excludes choiceADVANTAGE® installation and support fees.   
We estimate the cost for items that must be purchased from Qualified Vendors or subject to our 
standards or specifications to be less than 10% of your initial investment in a conversion or new construction 
facility.  Your annual expenditures on these items may range between 10-15% of your annual purchases. 
ITEM 9 
 
FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS 
This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements.  It will 
help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
53 
Items of this Disclosure Document. 
OBLIGATION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT 
SECTION IN 
choiceADVANTAGE 
TERMS OF USE 
SECTION IN CALL 
FORWARDING 
PROGRAM 
TERMS OF USE 
DISCLOSURE 
DOCUMENT 
ITEM 
(a) Site selection & 
acquisition/lease 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 
(b) Pre-opening 
purchases/leases 
Sections 6(b), (e), 
(f) & (g), (s)(3) & 
(8)  
Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 5, 7, 8 & 
11 
(c) Site development & 
other pre-opening 
requirements 
Section 6 Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 5, 7, 8 & 
11 
(d) Initial & ongoing 
training 
Section 6(e) Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 5, 6, 7 & 
11 
(e) Opening Sections 1(f) & 
6(s) 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Item 11 
(f) Fees Sections 4, 6(e), 
(f), (g), (k), (n) & 
(r), (s) 8, 9(b), (c), 
10(c), (d), 12 & 
16 
Not Applicable Section 3 Items 5, 6, 11 & 
17  
(g) Compliance with 
Standards & 
Policies/Operating 
Manual 
Sections 1(k), 
5(a) & (b), 6 & 10  
Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 8 & 11 
(h) Trademarks & 
proprietary information 
Sections 1(i) & 
(j), 6(s)(1) & 7  
COPYRIGHTS & 
TRADEMARKS 
Section 8 Items 13 & 14 
(i) Restrictions on 
products/services 
offered 
Section 6(b), (c) 
& (d) 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 8 & 16 
(j) Warranty & 
customer service 
requirements 
Sections 6(l) & 
(q) 
WARRANTIES  Section 6 Not Applicable 
(k) Territorial 
development and sales 
quotas 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 
(l) Ongoing 
product/service 
purchases 
Sections 6(b), (c), 
(e), (f), (g) & (o) 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Item 8 
(m) Maintenance, 
appearance and 
remodeling 
requirements 
Sections 6(a), (b), 
(c), (d), (f), (o) & 
(p), 7(c) & 8  
Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 6, 8 & 11 
(n) Insurance Section 12 Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 6, 7 & 8 
(o) Advertising Section 6(s)(4) Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 6, 8 & 11 
(p) Indemnification Section 13 INDEMNIFICATION Section 7 NONE 
(q) Owner’s 
Participation/ 
Management/Staffing 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Item 15 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
54 
OBLIGATION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT 
SECTION IN 
choiceADVANTAGE 
TERMS OF USE 
SECTION IN CALL 
FORWARDING 
PROGRAM 
TERMS OF USE 
DISCLOSURE 
DOCUMENT 
ITEM 
(r) Records and Reports  Sections 4(c), (d) 
& (e), 6(r)(4), 
10(b)(2)(e) & 
12(e) 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Item 6 
(s) Inspections and 
Audits 
Sections 4(e) & 
(f), 5(b), 6(h) & 
(s)(2) 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 6 & 11 
(t) Transfer Section 9 SOFTWARE USE 
AND SITE ACCESS; 
GENERAL 
Section 10 Items 6 & 17 
(u) Renewal Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Item 17 
(v) Post-termination 
obligations 
Section 11 Not Applicable Not Applicable Items 6 &17 
(w) Non-competition 
covenants 
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 
(x) Dispute resolution Sections 16, 21, 
22, 23, & 24 
GOVERNING LAW Section 9 Item 17 
 
ITEM 10 
 
FINANCING 
AFFILIATION FEE PROMISSORY NOTE 
In our sole discretion and on approval of your credit, we may offer to finance the affiliation fee 
without interest.  In that event, you must sign a promissory note (see Exhibit H).  Note payment is due in 
one full lump sum generally within three months after the note is signed.  The note may be accelerated upon 
default and provides for a waiver of presentment, demand for payment, notice of dishonor, protest, and 
includes a confession of judgment clause.  If the principal amount of the note, or any portion of the amount, 
is not paid on or before the maturity date, the note will bear interest from the date on which the funds are 
due until paid at a default annual rate equal to eighteen percent (18%). In the event of default, you must pay 
all of our costs of suit and reasonable attorney’s fees.  The note contains no pre-payment penalty.  The 
owners of the franchise entity may be required to sign the promissory note personally. 
SELECTED CAPITAL SUPPORT 
 Except as otherwise described in this Item 10, in certain instances, we may provide select capital 
support to help offset the costs associated with developing and opening a hotel within the Choice franchise 
system. In our sole and absolute discretion, we may provide capital support for franchisees that develop a 
property with strategic importance to Choice.  We do not offer capital support in every instance, and we 
may freely choose not to offer capital support to you.  The terms of such capital support will vary and will 
always be determined in our sole and absolute discretion after your application has been submitted to us 
and we have approved your eligibility to own a hotel franchise.  In the event you have been offered and 
agreed to accept capital support, you will be bound, in all ways, to the contracts, documents, and agreements 
related to and controlling the administration of that capital support. 
Specifically, the principal amount of the financing will depend upon the franchisee’s 
creditworthiness and various other factors.  The franchisee will sign a promissory note evidencing the loan. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
55 
The form of promissory note is attached at Exhibit H.A. (the “Capital Support Note”).  Generally, 
forgiveness of the Capital Support Note will be amortized over the term of the Franchise Agreement 
(beginning on the Opening Date of your hotel or completion of a property improvement plan) using a 
straight-line method, so that the Capital Support Note will be completely forgiven upon the expiration of 
your Franchise Agreement if you do not commit certain defaults under the Capital Support Note.  Your 
individual owners will be required to sign the Capital Support Note, in addition to the franchisee.  We will 
fund the loan shortly after the Hotel opens and we receive the signed Capital Support Note from the 
franchisee.  In limited circumstances, you may be eligible for additional loan amounts based on your Hotel’s 
performance.  We will not charge you interest unless you default under the Capital Support Note (Section 
5).  If you default, all outstanding amounts will bear interest at prime plus two percent.  The maximum 
interest rate in California is 10% annually. The loan amount will be payable in equal yearly installments 
over the term of the Franchise Agreement.  However, each yearly payment will be deemed paid so long as 
no default has occurred under the Capital Support Note (Section 4).  Defaults under the Capital Support 
Note include the termination of the Franchise Agreement, an uncured default by franchisee under the 
Franchise Agreement, a transfer as defined in the Franchise Agreement and a breach of any provision of 
the Note or any document executed in connection with the Capital Support Note (Section 5).  Following a 
default under the Note, we may declare the entire outstanding amount under the Capital Support Note plus 
all accrued interest immediately due and payable (Section 5.2).  Franchisee must also pay all of our costs 
and attorneys’ fees incurred in collecting the Capital Support Note (Section 5.4).  Default under the Capital 
Support Note will constitute a default under the Franchise Agreement (Section 5.1).  Based upon your 
creditworthiness, we may not require that you provide us security for repayment of the loan.   
 
The terms of the guaranty signed in connection with the Franchise Agreement will also extend to 
the repayment obligations under the Capital Support Note.  The loan can be prepaid at any time and there 
are no prepayment penalties.  The franchisee waives various rights under the Capital Support Note 
including presentment, demand, and all other notices and demands (Capital Support Note – Section 5.6).    
 
In addition, if you sign our Capital Support Note, you and we must agree to waive our right to 
terminate the franchise agreement, without cause, for the applicable 10th and 15th anniversaries of the 
Opening Date as provided in Section 3 of the Franchise Agreement.   
 
 INCENTIVE PROGRAM  
We are committed to expanding access to hotel ownership opportunities, including for 
underrepresented entrepreneurs, and participate in the International Franchise Association’s Veteran’s 
Transition Franchise Initiative (known as VetFran®).  We are currently offering an  incentive program to 
encourage and broaden access to  our franchise system and the hospitality industry as well as to encourage 
entrepreneurs who have served in the United States military and been honorably discharged from service 
(“Incentive”).  The Incentive Program is intended to attract top hotel developers from diverse backgrounds 
and involves our commitment of capital to incentivize qualifying franchisees to develop either a newly 
constructed Choice-branded hotel or convert an existing hotel to a Choice-branded hotel.  Qualifying 
franchisees who enter into franchise agreements to re-license Choice branded hotels that are currently part 
of the Choice franchise system are not eligible to receive an Incentive; however, these franchisees will be 
given a 50% discount on the then-current affiliation fee due in connection with the re-licensed franchise 
agreement (see below).   
Qualifications 
To qualify for the Incentive Program, you must meet all of the following conditions:  you must 
make a good faith request for the Incentive at the time of application; you must meet our then-current 
qualifications for new franchisees (including our standard credit review); you must be a majority owner 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
56 
that is actively engaged in the deal process; if you are an individual, you must identify to us the 
characteristics and background that will contribute to broadening access to our franchise system and the 
hospitality industry or if you are veteran you must demonstrate that you have served in the United States 
military and have been honorably discharged from service; or if you are a legal entity, you must be at least 
51% legally and beneficially owned by persons that can demonstrate to us characteristics and background 
that will contribute to broadening access to our franchise system and the hospitality industry or meet the 
requirements of a veteran stated above.  We will have sole discretion in determining whether you qualify 
for the Incentive Program. The Incentive Program may not be combined with any other incentive program 
that we may be offering at the time of your application and we may discontinue this Incentive Program at 
any time. 
Incentive 
Each Incentive for a hotel using the COMFORT Marks will be $2,500 per room in the hotel (with 
a maximum of $250,000).  Each Incentive will be evidenced by a 10-year forgivable incentive promissory 
note (see Exhibit H.B.) (the “Note”).  We will pay the proceeds of the Note to you only after the Opening 
Date of your hotel.  You may use the proceeds of the Note for any purpose related to the hotel.  We do not 
require collateral for this Note, but may require you and/or the owners of a franchise entity to sign 
personally.  Forgiveness of the Note will be amortized over 10 years (beginning on the Opening Date of 
your hotel) using a straight-line method, such that the Note will be completely forgiven if you do not commit 
certain defaults under the Note beginning upon signing of the franchise agreement and ending 10 years after 
the Opening Date.  The Note is structured to provide for one payment at the end of 10 years; however, you 
do not have to make payments on the Note if you remain in good standing under your franchise agreement.  
If you default in the obligations of your franchise agreement, your franchise agreement is terminated or 
expires, you die or you file for bankruptcy, then the entire remaining unforgiven principal balance is 
immediately due along with interest (accruing on the remaining unforgiven balance only) from the original 
date of the Note at an interest rate of prime plus 2%.  The maximum interest rate in California is 10% 
annually. Under the Note, you must waive demand, presentment for payment, protest, notice of dishonor 
and your right to a jury trial.  On your default, you also must pay all reasonable expenses, costs and 
attorneys’ fees that we incur in collecting the Note.  The Note contains no pre-payment penalty. 
If you qualify for an Incentive, you may request amortization over 5 years instead (beginning on 
the Opening Date of your hotel) using a straight-line method, such that the Note will be completely forgiven 
if you do not commit certain defaults under your franchise agreement upon signing of the franchise 
agreement and ending 5 years after the Opening Date.  If you request a 5 year Note, the incentive will be 
50% of the amount of the 10 year Note, and will be limited to a maximum of $125,000.  Each incentive 
will be evidenced by a 5 year Note in the same form attached as Exhibit H.B.  The Note is structured to 
provide for one payment at the end of 5 years; however, you do not have to make payments on the Note if 
you remain in good standing under your franchise agreement.  If you default in the obligations of your 
franchise agreement, your franchise agreement is terminated or expires, you die or you file for bankruptcy, 
then the entire remaining unforgiven principal balance is immediately due along with interest (accruing on 
the remaining unforgiven balance only) from the original date of the Note at an interest rate of prime plus 
2%.  If the Default Payment Amount (as defined in Exhibit H.B.) has not been paid in full fifteen (15) days 
after the date such amount became due and payable, interest will begin to accrue at a default annual rate 
equal to Prime plus seven percent (prime plus 7%). The maximum interest rate in California is 10% 
annually. Under the Note, you must waive demand, presentment for payment, protest, notice of dishonor 
and your right to a jury trial.  On your default, you also must pay all reasonable expenses, costs and 
attorneys’ fees that we incur in collecting the Note.  The Note contains no pre-payment penalty. 
Termination Rights 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
57 
In addition, unless you have signed a 5 year promissory note, you and we must agree to waive our 
right to terminate the franchise agreement, without cause, on the 5th anniversary of the Opening Date. 
RE-LICENSING INCENTIVE  
If you: (1) qualify for the Incentive Program; and (2) purchase a hotel that is a COMFORT branded 
hotel operating as part of the Choice franchise system at the time of purchase; and (3) enter into a franchise 
agreement with Choice to re-license the hotel as a COMFORT branded hotel, you will be granted a 50% 
discount on the then-current affiliation fee due in connection with your franchise agreement.  Franchisees 
that enter into franchise agreements with Choice for the re-licensing of an existing Choice brand hotel and 
qualify and accept the Incentive are not eligible to participate in any other incentive program. 
ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC 
We have entered into a non-exclusive Qualified Vendor agreement with a third party named 
Ascentium Capital LLC, which is a company authorized to provide loans. Under this agreement, 
ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC may offer conventional and lease financing to those of our franchisees that 
qualify and choose to use ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC to finance some of the following costs: affiliation 
fee, costs to meet brand standards, property improvement or remodeling, equipment and/or fixtures, 
replacement of equipment or fixtures, and other continuing expenses. These loans are generally available 
for up to 100% of the value of the collateral and range from $5,000 to $500,000. 
Interest rates are fixed and are determined at ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC’s discretion in 
accordance with its standard underwriting practices.  You are not required to use ASCENTIUM CAPITAL 
LLC as your lender.  If you choose to use ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC as your lender, you must enter 
into one or more agreements with ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC, substantially in the form attached as 
Exhibit I or as ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC may otherwise require depending on your specific loan.  The 
loan will be for between 12 to 72 months and will require monthly payments, with the amount of the 
payments based on the terms agreed upon. You must grant a first lien on the financed equipment and, if 
applicable, a security interest and lien on the land or building.  ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC may require 
that you personally guarantee the loan.  The loans can be pre-paid with Ascentium Capital LLC’s prior 
written consent and there is no pre-payment penalty.   
If you default on the loan, the entire remaining balance becomes due and ASCENTIUM CAPITAL 
LLC may have the right to take possession of the collateral and/or sell or lease the collateral.  You must 
waive your rights to presentment for payment, demand, protest, notice of non-payment or dishonor, notices 
of protest and all other demands or notices. On default, the loan will bear interest at the rate set forth in the 
loan agreement.  You must also pay ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC all the costs of collection or costs of 
exercising its remedies, including attorneys’ fees.  You must waive your right to object to jurisdiction in 
the courts of California as the venue for the resolution of disputes and must waive your right to a trial by 
jury. See the sample documents in Exhibit I for ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC’s additional rights and 
remedies.  
In consideration of Choice’s agreement to grant ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC access to our 
marketing channels, Choice will receive from ASCENTIUM CAPITAL LLC a flat payment of $15,000 
annually. 
PMC COMMERCIAL TRUST 
We have entered into a non-exclusive Qualified Vendor agreement with a third party named PMC 
Commercial Trust (previously known as PMC Capital, Inc.) (“PMC”), which is a company authorized to 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
58 
provide loans. Under this agreement, PMC may offer conventional and Small Business Administration 
(“SBA”) financing to those of our franchisees that qualify and choose to use PMC to finance some of the 
following costs: affiliation fee, site acquisition, construction or remodeling, equipment and/or fixtures, 
opening inventory or supplies, ongoing inventory or supplies, replacement of equipment or fixtures, and 
other continuing expenses. These loans are generally for up to 70% to 85% of the value of the collateral 
and range from $500,000 to $5,000,000 for acquisitions, refinances and construction/permanent loans. 
Interest rates are generally variable and are at PMC’s discretion.  You are not required to use PMC 
as your lender. If you choose to use PMC as your lender, you must enter into agreements with PMC, 
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit I or as PMC may otherwise require depending on your specific 
loan.  The loan will be for up to 25 years and will require monthly payments, with the amount of the 
payments based on the terms agreed upon. You must grant a first lien on land and building, a first lien on 
furniture, fixtures and equipment and, if necessary, a lien on your personal assets. PMC will require that 
you personally guarantee the loan. The loans can be pre-paid but there may be a pre-payment penalty. 
If you default on the note, the entire remaining principal balance becomes due and the lender may 
have the right to take possession of the collateral and/or sell or lease the collateral.  You must waive your 
rights to presentment for payment, demand, protest, notice of non-payment or dishonor, notices of protest 
and all other demands or notices. On default, the note will bear interest at the maximum rate permitted by 
applicable law.  You must also pay PMC all the costs of collection or costs of exercising its remedies, 
including attorneys’ fees. You must waive your right to object to jurisdiction in the courts of Dallas, Texas 
as the venue for the resolution of disputes and must waive your right to a trial by jury. See the sample 
documents in Exhibit I for PMC’s additional rights and remedies.  
In consideration of Choice’s agreement to grant PMC access to our marketing channels, Choice 
will receive from PMC a flat payment of $10,000 annually. 
*       *       * 
We have not sold, assigned or discounted our commercial paper to anyone, nor do we intend to 
(although we are permitted to do so). 
ITEM 11 
 
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.  
PRE-OPENING ASSISTANCE.   Before you open your hotel in the Choice franchise system, we will 
provide certain assistance, including: 
SITE SELECTION 
We must approve the site you select.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(r).)  Within 9 months after 
signing a franchise agreement with us, you must submit to us by or before that deadline, a site plan or other 
evidence of site control that is acceptable to us. We will accept a fully executed purchase and sale agreement 
or deed of trust or, if the hotel is to be leased, an executed lease agreement that shows you have possession 
of the hotel for the entire term stated in the franchise agreement.  We do not generally own and lease the 
premises to franchisees. 
We consider a number of factors, including the location, market and revenue potential as factors 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
59 
for approval.  Our approval of your site does not assure that your business will be successful.  Choice’s 
Franchise Committee will review your application within 30 days of submission.  If a site cannot be agreed 
upon and we reject your application, your affiliation fee will be refunded, less $5,000 and any pre-
application property improvement plan fees that you may have paid and no franchise agreement will be 
signed.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 4(a).)  The “typical” length of time to construct and open a new 
COMFORT hotel between the signing of a franchise agreement (including paying the affiliation fee) until 
the opening of a newly constructed hotel is between 18 and 24 months. This period may vary and largely 
depend on a number of factors, such as the ability to obtain financing; local zoning laws and ordinances; 
the ability to obtain building permits on a timely basis; weather conditions; or any delays associated with 
the installation of equipment, fixtures and signs.   For an existing hotel to be converted to a COMFORT 
hotel, the timetable varies depending upon your ability to obtain any necessary financing, the amount of 
renovation required to meet our specifications and the process and time periods required to obtain all the 
necessary permits, licenses and approvals from various government agencies (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 6(r)).  
CONSTRUCTION 
If the hotel is to be newly constructed, we will review and comment on whether your preliminary 
drawings, final working drawings and architectural designs for the hotel to satisfy the prototype design 
specifications.  Our approval of your designs does not ensure that they are adequate (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 6(r)). 
At our discretion, we may provide additional consultation and services to assist you to construct, 
renovate, maintain, operate, and/or market the hotel on the same basis as provided to other hotels that are 
authorized to use our System under the Brand Mark; we reserve the right to charge you reasonable fees that 
we may establish in advance or on a project-by-project basis for such consultation and services.  (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 5(d).) 
You must submit your preliminary drawings for our approval at least 6 months before the 
Construction Start Deadline (the deadline by which you must start construction), and final working 
drawings and final architectural designs for the hotel for our approval at least 3 months before the 
Construction Start Deadline (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(r)).  If Construction Start does not commence 
within 30 days of your final architectural designs for the hotel, then you must resubmit final architectural 
designs for our approval for approval prior to Construction Start.  Our review of your architectural designs 
is for compliance with our brand standards only and does not assure that your business will be successful, 
that your designs are suitable for architectural or engineering purposes, or that your designs are in 
compliance with local, state, or federal laws.  It will be your responsibility to comply with all local, state, 
and national code requirements applicable to the construction of your hotel.  
You must begin construction of your hotel within 18 months after the date the parties enter into the 
franchise agreement, and, within 5 days after this Construction Start, notify us that Construction Start has 
occurred (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(r)(2)), continue construction of the hotel in accordance with the 
designs without interruption, until the hotel is ready for our inspection and complete construction of the 
hotel, including furnishing, equipping and preparing for opening, within 12 months of the Construction 
Start Deadline (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(r)(3)). 
You must undertake any remodeling, renovations, and modifications to existing improvements, 
necessary to modernize and conform your hotel to the Rules and Regulations or other requirements of our 
System as described in your franchise agreement. (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(o)). We will provide 
you with our standards and brand guidelines for required equipment, signage, furnishings, and other 
inventory and supplies, along with a list of Qualified Vendors.  We do not generally deliver or install any 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
60 
of these items. 
RULES & REGULATIONS 
Upon request, you may view the current Rules and Regulations at our proprietary intranet site, 
ChoiceConnect (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(a)).  Once you become a COMFORT franchisee you will 
have access to these Rules and Regulations without having to request them from us.  We may periodically 
revise, add to or update brand standards and other requirements by issuing revisions to the Rules and 
Regulations and other manuals that we may publish.  As of the date of this Disclosure Document, the Rules 
and Regulations were a minimum of 125 pages in length for Comfort Inn and Comfort Inn & Suites and 
121 pages in length for Comfort Suites.  The Table of Contents for our Rules and Regulations manual is 
attached as Exhibit J to this Disclosure Document.   
OPENING SERVICES SUPPORT 
Our Opening Services department will assist you to open your hotel in the Choice franchise system.  
(Franchise Agreement, Section 5.) We will assign an Onboarding Project Director and Opening Services 
Manager to monitor your project’s progress and to assist you to meet contractual milestones (for example 
architectural and/or property improvement plan reviews).  Your Onboarding Project Director and Area 
Director will introduce you to Choice’s organizational support departments, enroll your hotel in appropriate 
marketing programs, and help coordinate training course attendance/resource utilization. Finally, your 
Onboarding Project Director will help you to make sure that your hotel meets brand standards and that you 
have the knowledge and tools to assist you to successfully pass the hotel’s first Quality Assurance Review 
(QAR).  (Franchise Agreement, Section 5.) Once your hotel opens in the Choice franchise system, your 
Onboarding Project Director will arrange for a meeting with your assigned Area Director, who will be your 
ongoing liaison with Choice for most day-to-day questions related to our programs and policies. You must 
ensure your hotel opens in accordance with your franchise agreement.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(s).) 
TRAINING 
TRAINING PROGRAM 
 
We will provide training, as described below (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(e)). You must 
comply with our training requirements by ensuring that you and the Hotel’s general manager(s) attend (at 
the times required by us) our then-current training programs, including our annual national convention for 
hotels authorized to use the System. 
CHOICE ONBOARD  
(Notes 1, 2, and 3) 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF ON 
THE JOB 
TRAINING LOCATION 
Choice History, Mission, 
and Culture 
2 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland  
Choice Privileges Loyalty 
Program 
1 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
61 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF ON 
THE JOB 
TRAINING LOCATION 
Choice Resources 
(including Choice 
University, Choice 
Connect, 
choiceADVANTAGE & 
other systems and 
programs) 
4 None  North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Ramp Mindset 1 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Franchise Services and 
Support 
0.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Staff Retention Best 
Practices 
0.5 None 
 
North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Owner Portfolio Strategy 
(including PIP 
management) 
1.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Performance Metrics  2 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Global Sales and 
SmartMarketing Tools 
1 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Distribution Channels & 
eCommerce, and the 
related tools 
1 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Guest Insight Reporting 
and Operations 
(Reputation Management) 
1.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Brand Identities, 
Standards and Culture 
(including Compliance 
and Awards) 
2.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Procurement 0.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Crisis Management 0.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
Action Planning / 
Operationalizing 
Concepts 
0.5 None North Bethesda, 
Maryland 
TOTAL 20 0  
 
Note 1:  This training is mandatory for all owners of new hotels, conversions and transfers 
to new owners and must be completed to our satisfaction.  Some or all of the training may not be required 
if you have previously owned a Choice branded hotel or obtained Choice Hotels training certification for 
another existing hotel in which case it is expected that the hotel General Manager attend a Choice 
Immersion class. Choice Onboard Immersion classes are held multiple times per year at our corporate 
location in North Bethesda, Maryland. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
62 
Note 2:  Instructional materials for the Choice Onboard Immersion Program include 
handouts or electronic training materials and videos.  Choice Onboard is led by our Choice University 
Learning Professionals and Portfolio Management Directors. Members of other our teams (including, but 
not limited to: Brand Strategy and Management, Choice Privileges, Global Sales, Owner Portfolio Strategy, 
Franchise Performance and Compliance, Procurement, Distribution, Ramp, and Revenue Management), 
provide expertise during the session. Experience of Choice Onboard instructors ranges from 10 years to 30 
plus years.  
Note 3:  Each owner must attend the Choice Onboard Immersion Program within 90 days 
of opening in the Choice franchise system. The cost of the training classes will not exceed $1,950 for the 
owner plus travel, lodging and meals while attending the 3-day Choice Onboard Immersion Program at our 
Choice corporate location in North Bethesda, Maryland. Instructional materials are included.  Attendance 
at the Choice Onboard program is open to other members of your staff. The cost for any subsequent 
attendees is 50% of the tuition each at a cost not to exceed $975 each plus travel, lodging and meals while 
attending the program. Your Area Director may require your attendance at this Choice Onboard program, 
at any time, based on less than expected results at an open and operating hotel. 
Attendance at the Choice Onboard program is mandatory.  Failure to attend within the prescribed 
time frame may result in a formal default under your franchise agreement, and failure to cure the formal 
default could result in the termination of your franchise agreement. 
* * * 
You must have a certified General Manager at your hotel.  We will provide our Certified General 
Manager training under the HOST program, as described below.  
You must have at least one hotel staff member who is in a managerial role and is present on the 
hotel premises operations certified by attending the HOST program.  We will provide our operations 
certification training under the HOST program, as described below:  
HOSPITALITY OPERATIONS SUCCESS TRAINING (HOST)  
(Notes 1, 2 and 3) 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF ON 
THE JOB 
TRAINING LOCATION 
Self-Paced Online Modules, videos, and 
job aids covering:  
 
1) Brands, Brand/Corporate 
Programs 
2) Quality Assurance and 
Compliance 
3) Choice Systems and Resources 
4) Distribution and Reservations 
5) Reputation Management 
6) Driving Revenue  
7) Profitability 
8) Crisis/Emergency Management 
9) Lodging Legal Fundamentals 
10) Leadership 
12 None Any location with 
internet access 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
63 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF ON 
THE JOB 
TRAINING LOCATION 
Live Online Virtual Workshops and 
related activities covering: 
 
1) Local Sales 
2) Responding to Reviews 
3) Online Engagement 
4) Digital Presence 
5) Profitability 
6) Leadership  
7) Housekeeping Operations 
8) Maintenance Operations 
12 None Any location with 
internet access 
Online Exams covering: 
 
1) Hotel and Business Operations 
2) Systems and Distribution 
3) Sales, Revenue, and Profitability 
3 None Any location with 
internet access 
TOTAL 27 0  
 
Note 1:  It is mandatory that at least one hotel staff member who is in a managerial role and 
is present on the hotel premises has completed the HOST training.  The cost of the training class is $1,395.   
Note 2:  Instructional materials for the HOST training program include interactive online 
learning, videos, job aids, virtual workshops, activities, and online examinations.  Instructors for the 
program include Choice University Learning Professionals, and their experiences range from 10 to 30 plus 
years. 
Note 3:  At least one hotel staff member who is in a managerial role must become HOST 
certified within 90 days of opening or relicensing the hotel in the Choice franchise system, and at least one 
hotel staff member that has completed HOST training must be on the hotel premises.  As described in Item 
5, the HOST requirement is satisfied if a hotel staff member in a managerial role has previously completed 
HOST training.  A HOST-certified manager must keep their certification current each year by staying active 
on ChoiceU.com and fulfilling all continuing education and program requirements set by the HOST 
program.   
* * * 
In addition, we will provide training Sales Certification Program, as described below: 
SALES TRAINING PROGRAM (Notes 1 and 2) 
SUBJECT HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF ON THE 
JOB TRAINING 
LOCATION 
Foundations of Sales: 
Self-Paced Online 
Modules with topics to 
2.5 None Any location with 
internet access or at an 
open and operating 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
64 
SUBJECT HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF ON THE 
JOB TRAINING 
LOCATION 
include: 
1) Hotel Buyers 
Process 
2) Guest 
Segmentation 
3) Research Tools 
4) The Booking 
Process 
5) Key Buying 
Criteria 
6) Market 
Segmentation and 
Tracking 
7) Front Desk Sales 
8) Responsive Sales 
Choice branded hotel 
Advanced Sales: Self-
Paced Online Modules 
with topics to include: 
1) Strategies for 
Selling Locally 
2) The Basics of 
Internet 
Prospecting 
3) Learning to Ask 
Qualifying 
Questions 
4) Conducting a Sales 
Blitz 
5) Competitive 
Assessment and 
SWOT Analysis 
6) The Cost of Not 
Selling: Sales Cost 
Opportunity 
Displacement 
7) Request for 
Proposals (RFP) 
8) Group Business 
9) Revenue 
Management 
Strategies for 
Group Business  
10) Corporate Group 
Segments 
11) Partnering with 
12 None Any location with 
internet access or at an 
open and operating 
Choice branded hotel 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
65 
SUBJECT HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF ON THE 
JOB TRAINING 
LOCATION 
Global Sales to 
Drive Corporate 
Business 
TOTAL 14.5 0  
 
Note 1:  The Sales curriculum is optional and is designed to help hoteliers sharpen their 
sales skills by building a knowledge foundation, then advanced skills, and live interaction and skill practice. 
The fee for advanced, immersive training will not exceed $500. 
Note 2:  Instructors for the Sales curriculum includes Choice University Learning 
Professionals. Each instructor has a minimum of 10 years of hotel operations, sales, and training experience. 
All instructional materials are included in any training fee, including participant guides, case studies, and 
presentations. 
* * * 
In addition, we will provide Re-Licensed Hotel Training, as described below:  
RE-LICENSE HOTEL TRAINING 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
66 
SUBJECT HOURS OF 
CLASSROOM 
TRAINING 
HOURS OF 
ON THE 
JOB 
TRAINING 
LOCATION 
The relicense training program entitles owners 
and General Managers a full year of  access to 
more than a dozen training videos, covering a 
variety of topics that are most critical to helping 
Relicense owners to help drive guest 
satisfaction, revenue, profitability, as well as 
managing change on-property and other 
resources to support systems knowledge and 
usage.   
Owners and Operators are also entitled to 
weekly live webinar sessions called Office 
Hours.  Office Hours allows Owners and 
Operators access to experienced Choice 
University Learning Professionals who can help 
with training questions for their individual hotel. 
Office Hours will be offered weekly at a set 
time.  Each Office Hours session will be 
scheduled for sixty minutes.  The relicense 
training program allows unlimited access to 
Office Hours. 
Every Owner and Operator of a relicensed hotel 
are also given access to the Relicense Learning 
Map on ChoiceU.com. This link gives them 
immediate access to everything they need to 
know first as a new Owner and Operator of a 
Choice Hotel. 
4 0 Any location 
with internet 
access  
TOTAL 4 0  
  
 When a Choice branded hotel changes owners and the new owners sign a franchise agreement with 
Choice (known as a “re-licensing”), the hotel is granted access to customized training videos as well as live 
(virtual) sessions where they can get questions for their individual hotel answered. The training videos and 
live office hours sessions, as well as other important learning resources for new Owners and Operators are 
made available to the relicensed hotel via the dedicated, self-paced Relicense Learning Map on 
ChoiceU.com.  The fee for this training is $995.  
 
Upon re-licensing, the new owners must attend the Choice Onboard program, as detailed above, at 
the earliest available session.  However, the new owners must attend the Choice Onboard program within 
90 days of hotel re-licensing. 
Attendance at the Choice Onboard program is mandatory.  Some or all of the training may not be 
required if you have previously owned a Choice branded hotel, obtained Choice Hotels training certification 
for another existing Choice-branded hotel and/or a hotel staff member has previously earned the HOST 
certification, in which case it is expected that the hotel General Manager attend a Choice onboarding class. 
Failure to attend within the prescribed time frame may result in a formal default under your franchise 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
67 
agreement, and failure to cure the formal default could result in the termination of your franchise agreement. 
The training materials have been developed and produced by Choice University Learning 
Professionals with an average experience of 15 plus years. 
* * * 
We will also provide choiceADVANTAGE® systems onboarding, as described below: 
choiceADVANTAGE® ONLINE REMOTE ONBOARDING (Notes 1 and 2) 
 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF ON 
THE JOB 
TRAINING LOCATION 
Pre-Onboarding 
 Dedicated onboarding support 
 Assistance with onboarding vendors’ 
(Insight and Shift4 Payments) milestones 
 Support Choice University (eLearning) user 
setup 
 Set up property database using supplied data  
 Coordinate to meet desired onboarding dates 
None Remotely 
Day One  
 Setup and configure hardware 
 Guide the Property Contact through  
o Basic functions of 
choiceADVANTAGE® 
o Adding Future Reservations 
o Pre-Paid Reservations 
o Company Profiles 
o House Accounts 
o Groups 
o Accounts Receivable 
o Setting Restrictions 
o Housekeeping/Maintenance 
 Review Property Configuration 
o Property Address and Phone 
Numbers 
o Special Request Inventory 
o Room Configuration 
o Cashier Shifts 
o Tax Configuration 
o Transaction Code Configuration 
o Credit Card Surcharge 
o Recurring Charges 
o Night Audit Report 
o Housekeeping Schedule 
 Understanding and using reports 
 Rates Center overview 
 choiceADVANTAGE® User Admin set-up 
8-10 Remotely 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
68 
SUBJECT 
HOURS OF ON 
THE JOB 
TRAINING LOCATION 
and overview 
 ChoiceConnect overview 
 Utilizing Choice resources 
Day Two 
 Complete Property Contact Training 
 Guide property through balance transfers 
 Assist with out of order rooms 
 Credit Card and EMV Installation  
 Digital Registration installation 
 Interface installation 
 /CONNECT integrations, if needed 
 Balance choiceADVANTAGE® with former 
property management system 
8-12 Remotely 
TOTAL 16-22  
 
Note 1:  eLearning training is mandatory for all General Managers, Assistant General 
Managers, front office managers and all front desk staff and must be completed to our satisfaction.  Training 
is completed in ChoiceU.com and is vital for all hotel staff to complete as it is the only training they will 
receive on the system.  choiceADVANTAGE® eLearning training is a series of training modules prepared 
by members of our SkyTouch Technology team.  
Note 2:  Optional on-site choiceADVANTAGE training is available and will be held at 
your hotel, preferably in a meeting room and required to have High Speed Internet Access.  The on-site 
training will be conducted by members of our SkyTouch Technology team.  On-site choiceADVANTAGE 
training requires you to provide one free hotel room per Onboarding Lead per night for the on-site training.  
In the event you are unable to accommodate the Onboarding Lead to stay at your property for reasons of 
safety, occupancy permits, or other reasons, you are responsible for reimbursing the costs and expense of 
the Onboarding Lead’s stay at a comparable neighboring hotel.  The fee for optional on-site 
choiceADVANTAGE training is $8,000. You may reschedule the training without paying an additional fee 
by providing written notice of your need to postpone the training program to your Onboarding Lead at least 
14 days prior to the travel date. There will be a rescheduling fee of $2,100 if you need to reschedule within 
14 days of the travel date or system conversion was not completed while Onboarding Lead was on-site.  
* * * 
You must also participate in the Educational Resources Program, which provides training on 
various topics through our online learning management system.  The cost of the Educational Resources 
Program is $1,500 annually plus any applicable state tax. 
Additional training may be required based on individual hotel needs.  We reserve the right to charge 
you a tuition fee for these additional training programs as established by us from time to time.  You also 
will be required to pay all travel, living and other expenses incurred by you and your employees while 
attending any required additional training programs. 
We also offer many optional training programs throughout the year, including regional workshops.  
In these educational workshops, you and your staff can gain valuable knowledge on a wide variety of topics 
designed to help your hotel become more effective and efficient.  We do not provide assistance hiring 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
69 
employees. 
Any training provided by us to any of your employees will be limited to training or guiding the 
employees regarding the delivery of approved services to guests in a manner that reflects the brand 
standards of the System. You are, and will remain, the sole employer of your employees during all training 
programs, and you are solely responsible for all employment decisions and actions related to your 
employees. It is your obligation to ensure that your employees receive adequate training. 
* * * 
POST-OPENING ASSISTANCE.  During your operation of the hotel in the Choice franchise system, 
we will provide the following services: 
QUALITY ASSURANCE 
We will administer a quality assurance program that may include periodic visits to your hotel (by 
us or our authorized representatives) and/or guest satisfaction surveys to evaluate your compliance with 
your franchise agreement and the Rules and Regulations.  If necessary, we will advise you of changes that 
you must make to the hotel or its operations to comply with the Franchise Agreement and/or the Rules and 
Regulations (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(b)).  Franchisees who fail to improve on identified quality 
issues may be subject to consequences ranging from written warnings, non-compliance penalties, 
attendance at mandatory training programs, reservation suspension, and ultimately to the termination of the 
franchise agreement.  We may also require a franchisee to hire a third party Qualified Vendor to do a deep 
cleaning of the Hotel if a franchisee has repeatedly failed quality assurance reviews and the hotel’s 
likelihood to recommend (LTR) score falls below the brand specific standard.  
MARKETING AND RESERVATIONS 
We will provide an advance reservation system for your hotel and other Choice branded hotels 
using the Marketing and Reservation Fee that you will pay each month during the term of your franchise 
agreement.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(c).)  We will also provide national, international and regional 
advertising, promotion, publicity, marketing research, system programs and related programs as we 
reasonably determine to be appropriate for the entire Choice franchise system, using the Marketing and 
Reservation Fee. (Franchise Agreement, Section 5(c).) 
Marketing and advertising are primarily disseminated via media such as direct sales efforts, digital 
media, multi-brand television campaigns, trade publications, radio, directories and other collateral 
materials. National advertising and promotion agencies are primarily used to create and place 
advertisements with the participation and supervision of our in-house marketing department.  Funding for 
the advertising program comes from the Marketing and Reservation Fee that each Choice Hotels franchisee 
pays each month during the term of their franchise agreement and which we control.  We do not use any of 
the Marketing and Reservation Fee principally to solicit new franchise sales. The Marketing and 
Reservation Fee covers the ongoing development, maintenance and upgrading of the reservations system, 
as well as pay for expenditures associated with  media, advertising, publicity, public relations, marketing, 
reservations and similar services and certain franchise services.  All franchisees contribute to the Marketing 
and Reservation Fee at a rate dependent on their individual franchise agreement.  Company-owned outlets 
(if any) contribute to the Marketing and Reservation Fee at the standard rate as other franchised outlets.  As 
of December 31, 2025, there were no COMFORT company-owned outlets.  See Item 6 for a description of 
the Marketing and Reservation Fee.   
Currently, the Choice Hotels Owners Council (CHOC), the Econo Lodge Franchisee Association 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
70 
and the Rodeway Owners’ Association administer voluntary regional marketing cooperatives (“Marketing 
Cooperatives”), which we support.  Each Marketing Cooperative establishes an annual fee for participating 
hotels, and we also provide funding.  The participating hotels in a Marketing Cooperative, along with the 
assistance of a Choice representative, create an annual budget and an annual marketing plan.  As of the date 
of this Disclosure Document, participation in the Marketing Cooperatives is voluntary, and you may opt 
out on an annual basis.  However, we may require participation in the Marketing Cooperatives in the future 
and we have the right to audit the Marketing Cooperatives program at any time. 
You may conduct your own local marketing program provided that all materials comply with brand 
standards, including proper trademark usage, and are either approved in writing by us through ChoiceNow, 
typically within 10 business days after you submit your materials to us for review.  (Franchise Agreement, 
Section 6(s)(4).) The SmartMarketing program provides marketing and promotional materials that help you 
promote your hotel professionally and within brand standards. The fee for customizing materials is free. 
Some materials (for example, business cards and sales flyers) range from $0 to $45 to print and ship. We 
are not required to use any portion of the Marketing and Reservation Fee for advertising in your area. You 
are not required to participate in any local or regional advertising program or cooperatives.    
Any website created for your hotel must follow the Choice Property Website Guidelines, Internet 
Distribution Policy and Domain Name Policy. (Franchise Agreement, Section 7(b).) We retain the right to 
pre-approve your hotel’s website design and use of linking between your internet webpages (or other 
networks) and all other websites.  All websites that are accessed from a domain name that uses one or more 
of the Choice Marks must conform to the Choice Hotels Property Website Guidelines and Internet 
Distribution Policy and cannot contain, or link to other web pages that contain, logos or information on 
non-Choice brand hotels.  We have the right to determine the content and use of online or electronic media 
associated with any of the Choice Marks.  You may not participate in any website or other electronic media 
(including social media) that markets goods and services under the Choice Marks unless it is first approved 
in writing by us.  Your general conduct on the internet or other electronic media, including your use of the 
Choice Marks or any advertising is subject to the terms and conditions of the Franchise Agreement and any 
other rules, requirements or policies that we may identify from time to time. 
We administer the allocation of the Marketing and Reservation Fee, which may be commingled 
with, but are accounted for separately, from our other funds. We do not prepare audited financial statements 
for our Marketing and Reservation Fee.  However, upon receiving a reasonable request, we will provide an 
unaudited statement of the Marketing and Reservation Fee for the previous calendar year. We have no 
obligation to separate incomes or expenditures between the various Choice brands. Any unspent Marketing 
and Reservation Fees remaining at the end of the fiscal year generally are carried over for use in the 
following year unless there is a deficit from a preceding year. In that case, the monies will be applied to 
pay down the deficit and anything remaining will be carried over. We pay administrative costs to provide 
the goods and services described above using a portion of the Marketing and Reservation Fee. Our internal 
costs associated with marketing the goods and services of our franchise system are reflected in the 
percentages below, including our media (broadcast and digital), creative, supplies and graphics. In calendar 
year 2025, approximately 36.6% of all Marketing and Reservation Fees collected from the Choice Franchise 
System was spent on media and other advertising, including national advertising (broadcast and digital), 
3.5% on the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program, 51.6% on marketing and distribution (for example, 
reservations services, global sales, publicity, research & analytics), and 8.3% on general and administrative 
expenses, including the salaries of applicable personnel. 
FRANCHISE ADVISORY COUNCIL 
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, we may periodically assemble franchise advisory 
councils who meet with corporate representatives to advise on issues relating to the System (including 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
71 
advertising issues).  We select the franchisees that participate on this council.  The council acts in an 
advisory capacity only and we maintain all decision-making power of the System.  We may create, change, 
or dissolve this council at any time. 
COMPUTER HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE 
You will be required to purchase and install a dedicated, wired, business grade High Speed Internet 
Access solution located at the front desk for access to choiceADVANTAGE®, to electronically update your 
hotel’s information in our advance reservations system; to receive reservations from our advance 
reservations system; to collect data on reservations made by travel agents; to collect daily revenue and 
occupancy figures; and to manage your front desk operations.  (Franchise Agreement, Section 6(g).)   
The costs and fees for purchasing a license to use the choiceADVANTAGE® system include: 
 choiceADVANTAGE® Software License and Administrative Fee -- $2,350 - $4,350 
(payable to us); 
 choiceADVANTAGE® Systems Onboarding and Project Management Fee -- $6,000 
(payable to us); 
 choiceADVANTAGE® Credit Card Interface Implementation Fee -- $400 (payable to us); 
 choiceADVANTAGE® Database Clean Up Fee -- $500 (payable to us); and 
 Dell hardware -- $4,900-$14,000 depending on the configuration (payable to Insight or us 
as a part of Brand in a Box.  See Item 5.). 
 
We will also provide the following: 
 Ongoing remote support relating to maintenance of the choiceADVANTAGE® software, 
24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  
 Enhancements or updates to the choiceADVANTAGE® software with training bulletins.  
 Online training on ChoiceU.com relating to the use of the choiceADVANTAGE® software.  
 The choiceADVANTAGE® software.  
 
You are required to purchase the mandatory Dell hardware package through our preferred hardware 
vendor, Insight, or through Choice as a part of Brand in a Box. See Item 5. Your Dell hardware will be 
subject to Dell’s warranty and support provisions. The cost of the computer hardware listed above does not 
include the cost of any peripheral items such as credit card processing machines, printers, or other network 
needs unique to your hotel. 
You are required to install the choiceADVANTAGE® Remote Access feature at your property.  
With this feature, you will control permissions and user access to choiceADVANTAGE®.  This 
enhancement is mandatory and is included in the monthly choiceADVANTAGE® Support fee. 
You will be required to refresh the choiceADVANTAGE® system with Dell hardware and required 
peripherals to comply with specifications mandated by us.  Dell hardware and required peripherals should 
be refreshed every 48 months or upon expiration of your hardware warranty.  We estimate that the cost to 
refresh and install new Dell hardware and peripherals will be between $4,900-$14,000 depending on the 
configuration at your hotel (number of workstations, printers, etc.).  However, there is no limit on the 
frequency or cost of this obligation. 
We will have independent access to the information that will be generated by the 
choiceADVANTAGE® property management system and will use the information and data to identify 
trends, as well as to perform statistical analysis for improvement of the brand standards, as well as the 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
72 
overall Choice franchise system. 
We require chip-enabled credit card acceptance (EMV) hardware for use in your hotel. We estimate 
the cost of each device, including programming, to be approximately $875. Fees may vary based on the 
number of devices required for your hotel. We also require EMV software for use in your hotel. The 
required EMV software for processing credit card payments through choiceADVANTAGE® property 
management system is only available from Shift4 Payments, a Nevada corporation, with a business address 
at 1491 Center Crossing Road, Las Vegas, Nevada 89144. You will make payments directly to Shift4. 
Shift4 is a Qualified Vendor. See Item 8 of this Disclosure Document. 
 
CHANGE IN SLEEPING ROOM COUNT 
We will review and, where appropriate, approve requests to add or remove guestrooms to your 
hotel after receipt of your room count change fee (if applicable) and construction plans (Franchise 
Agreement, Section 8). 
ITEM 12 
 
TERRITORY 
We grant franchises for specific sites only.  You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may 
face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution 
or competitive brands that we control.  However, we may, depending on local market conditions or other 
factors such as your prior history with us (if any) and number of hotels franchised by us, grant exclusive 
territories in which no other hotel of the same brand will be franchised or operated, for a period of time that 
we determine.  Preferred regions and exclusive territories, if any, are determined by us. Our grant of a 
preferred region or exclusive territory can be terminated by us if you default under your franchise 
agreement, including failing to maintain quality standards or failing to pay fees due on a timely basis.  
 
We expressly reserve the right to grant franchises or open company owned hotels at any location 
under any brand name other than the location specified in your franchise agreement.  We may open 
company-owned hotels under any brand and offer hotel franchises for upscale, mid-priced and budget hotels 
under any of the Choice Marks. 
If you wish to relocate or establish additional facilities, you must follow our usual application 
procedure and sign additional franchise agreements.  Customarily, we do not grant to franchisees options, 
rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. 
We may take reservations for rooms through any method of distribution, including sales through 
such channels of distribution as the internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales 
(“Alternative Distribution Channels”).  You will receive no compensation for our sales through Alternative 
Distribution Channels, unless we make a reservation on your behalf. 
You may solicit or accept reservations from customers at any location (including outside your 
territory, if applicable).  You may use Alternative Distribution Channels to make sales if you comply with 
all of our standards, including any approval process that we may require (see Item 11).  We, our affiliates 
and franchisees can use Alternative Distribution Channels to make sales anywhere (including within your 
territory, if applicable) of products or services under trademarks different from the trademarks that you are 
permitted to use under your franchise agreement.  See Item 1 for additional information on other Choice 
brands. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
73 
We have implemented a Fair Franchising Policy (attached as Exhibit K) that sets general guidelines 
on how Choice will maintain the overall Choice franchise system of brands, including principles for 
informal resolution of disputes between Choice and our franchisees.  In addition, we have adopted an 
Incremental Impact Policy (attached as Exhibit L) that establishes a procedure that our franchisees can use 
under certain circumstances, to object to an application for a new same brand hotel franchise within a 
designated area of protection.  The Incremental Impact Policy is only offered to certain Choice brands.  
Both the Incremental Impact Policy and the Fair Franchising Policy are internal policies, not contractual 
obligations, and can be changed or revoked by us in our sole discretion and at any time on reasonable notice. 
As noted in Item 1, we currently grant franchises for hotels operated under the following brands or 
extensions of these brands: ASCEND®, CAMBRIA®, CLARION®, CLARION POINTE®, COMFORT® 
COUNTRY INN & SUITES® BY RADISSON, ECONO LODGE®, EVERHOME SUITES®, 
MAINSTAY SUITES®, PARK INN® BY RADISSON, QUALITY® RADISSON®, RADISSON BLU®, 
RADISSON INDIVIDUALS®, RODEWAY INN®, SLEEP®, SUBURBAN STUDIOS® and 
WOODSPRING SUITES®.  We have the right to operate and franchise these hotels at any location in 
accordance with the terms of your franchise agreement and you may compete with any of our brands in the 
operation of your hotel.  Those hotels could be company-owned, franchised, or both. We also have the right 
to operate or franchise a hotel or other business under a different trademark.  We do not maintain physically 
separate offices or training facilities for the other Choice brands that may compete with your hotel. 
  
ITEM 13 
 
TRADEMARKS 
You will receive in the Franchise Agreement a limited license and obligation to use one or more of 
the trademarks and trade names identified below together with the related logo(s), including designs, 
stylized letters and colors that we permit you to use at your hotel and in advertising for your hotel, and any 
other additional or substituted trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos that we later adopt and 
authorize you in writing to use.   
We own and license to you some of the following service marks and trademarks registered on the 
Principal Register with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office that correspond to the brand you may be 
granted to use in your franchise agreement: 
MARK REGISTRATION 
NUMBER 
REGISTRATION 
DATE 
C COMFORT & Design 5682185 19-Feb-2019 
C COMFORT & Design 
(color) 5741435 30-April-2019 
C logo (Comfort, Orange) 5705153 19-March-2019 
COMFORT 1788677 17-Aug-1993 
C COMFORT INN & 
Design (color) 5802506 09-July-2019 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
74 
MARK REGISTRATION 
NUMBER 
REGISTRATION 
DATE 
COMFORT INN 1315180 15-Jan-1985 
COMFORT INN 1448467 21-Jul-1987 
COMFORT INN 3050882 24-Jan-2006 
C COMFORT INN & 
SUITES & Design 
(color) 
5802507 09-July-2019 
COMFORT INN & 
SUITES 2264702 27-Jul-1999 
COMFORT INN & 
SUITES 3050883 24-Jan-2006 
C COMFORT SUITES & 
Design (color) 5802508 09-July-2019 
COMFORT SUITES 1712482 01-Sep-1992 
COMFORT SUITES 4279333 22-Jan-2013 
 
We have filed all required affidavits and renewals in connection with these trademarks. 
You must follow the policies and rules we establish from time to time governing your use of the 
trademarks that your franchise agreement permits you to use.  “Choice Marks” means collectively all of 
our trademarks or trade names, the trademarks and trade names ASCEND®, ASCEND COLLECTION®, 
CAMBRIA®, CLARION®, CLARION COLLECTION®, CLARION HOTEL®, CLARION HOTEL & 
SUITES®, CLARION INN®, CLARION INN & SUITES®, CLARION POINTE®, CLARION 
RESORT®, CLARION SUITES®, COMFORT®, COMFORT HOTEL®, COMFORT INN®, 
COMFORT INN & SUITES®, COMFORT RESORT®, COMFORT SUITES®, COUNTRY INN & 
SUITES® BY RADISSON, ECONO LODGE®, ECONO LODGE INN & SUITES®, EVERHOME®, 
EVERHOME SUITES®, MAINSTAY®, MAINSTAY SUITES®, PARK INN® BY RADISSON, PARK 
PLAZA®, QUALITY®, QUALITY HOTEL®, QUALITY INN®, QUALITY INN & SUITES®, 
QUALITY RESORT®, QUALITY SUITES®, RADISSON®, RADISSON BLU®, RADISSON 
COLLECTION®, RADISSON INDIVIDUALS®, RADISSON INN & SUITES™, RADISSON RED®, 
RODEWAY INN®, RODEWAY INN & SUITES®, SLEEP®, SLEEP INN®, SLEEP INN & SUITES®, 
SUBURBAN®, SUBURBAN STUDIOS®, WOODSPRING®, WOODSPRING SUITES®, CHOICE®, 
CHOICE HOTELS®, and our slogans (such as “Our Business is You®”), the names/trademarks of any 
Choice products, the names of our property management system, reservation system, guest loyalty program 
and any other additional or substituted trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos.  You cannot use 
any Choice Marks or anything similar to these words in your name or the name of any of your affiliates, 
whether a partnership, corporation, limited liability company, joint venture or any other type of business 
organization, or as (or as incorporated in) the name and/or design of any other building, business or business 
activity.  You may not establish a website on the internet using the Choice Marks, or anything similar to 
the aforementioned words that does not comply with our Domain Name Policy, Internet Distribution Policy 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
75 
or our Property Website Guidelines (or such similar policies or regulations adopted by us from time to 
time).  We retain the right to pre-approve your use of linking and framing between your internet web pages 
(or other network) and all other websites.  All websites that are accessed from a domain name that uses a 
Choice Mark must conform to the Choice Hotels Property Website Guidelines and Internet Distribution 
Policy and cannot contain, or link to other web pages that contain, logos or information relating to non-
Choice branded hotels.  We have the right to determine the content and use of online or electronic media 
associated with any of the Choice Marks.  You may not participate in any website or other electronic media 
(including social media) that markets goods and services under the Choice Marks unless it is first approved 
in writing by us. 
If you are required by law to register any of the Choice Marks, your application must specify that 
you use the Choice Marks:  (1) only at your hotel and in advertising for your hotel; (2) only during the term 
of your franchise agreement; and (3) without claiming any property right in the Choice Marks during or 
after the term of your franchise agreement. 
There are no effective material determinations by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, 
Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the trademark administrator of any state or any court; pending 
infringement, opposition or cancellation proceedings; or pending material litigation involving the Choice 
Marks that your franchise agreement permits you to use. 
We have no agreements currently in effect that significantly limit our rights to use or license our 
use of the Choice Marks.  We do not know of any superior prior rights or material infringing uses of the 
Choice Marks that could materially and adversely affect your permitted use of the Choice Marks in any 
state. 
You will not interfere with our use or registration of any of the Choice Marks, or with use of the 
Choice Marks by other hotels.  You have no right to sublicense anyone else to use any Choice Marks and 
you have no right to use them for any purpose other than as permitted in connection with your hotel. 
 
We may require your hotel to use a secondary name or an identifying descriptor (“Secondary 
Name”) in addition to the primary brand name. The Secondary Name may be assigned, modified, or 
withdrawn by us in our sole discretion as part of our brand standards and system-wide naming conventions. 
You may request a proposed Secondary Name, but any requested Secondary Name is subject to our 
approval in accordance with our naming policies and standards. You must use the Secondary Name we 
assign and must discontinue use upon our notice.  You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of 
the Secondary Name complies with all applicable trademark, copyright, and other intellectual property 
laws. You agree to promptly provide us with copies of any notice or communication from a third party 
alleging or challenging your right to use the Secondary Name. 
You must promptly notify us of any suit filed or demand made against you challenging the validity 
of any of the Choice Marks (“Mark Claim”).  Using our attorneys, we agree to protect and defend you 
against a Mark Claim, and to defend and indemnify you against your loss, cost or expense related to the 
Mark Claim, except where the Mark Claim arose because you used the Choice Marks in violation of your 
franchise agreement. You may not settle or compromise a Mark Claim without our prior written consent, 
and you agree to cooperate with us in defending against any Mark Claim. 
ITEM 14 
 
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 
Patents and Copyrights 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
76 
We have no patents or copyright registrations or pending patent or copyright applications that are 
material to the franchise.  However, we claim copyrights on certain forms, advertisements, promotional 
materials, our proprietary software, our rules and regulations and other written materials.  We also claim 
copyrights and other proprietary rights in the Rules and Regulations and the Choice Marks.  There are no 
agreements currently in effect that significantly limit your right to use any of our copyrights.  Also, there 
are no currently effective determinations of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, the U.S. Copyright 
Office (Library of Congress), or any court pertaining to or affecting any of our copyrights discussed above.  
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, we are unaware of any infringing uses of, or superior rights to, 
any of our copyrights that materially and adversely affect your use of them in any state.   
Your and our obligations to protect your rights to use our copyrights are the same as the obligations 
for Trademarks described in Item 13 of this Disclosure Document. 
Proprietary Information 
 
Except as provided in your franchise agreement, the Rules and Regulations, or as otherwise 
authorized by us, you may never, during the term of your franchise agreement or after your franchise 
agreement expires or is terminated, reveal any of our proprietary information to another person or use it for 
any other purpose or business.  You may not copy any of our proprietary information or give it to a third 
party except as we authorize in writing prior to any such transfer. 
Our proprietary information includes any manuals, feedback, automated advance reservation and 
property management methods, our ecommerce offerings, any other automated systems techniques, our 
business referral, gift card and credit card agreements, your franchise agreement, the Rules and Regulations, 
and those identifying brand characteristics of the Choice franchise system as we may reasonably designate.  
In addition, you are required to restrict your General Managers, Office Managers, Directors of Sales, and 
any third-party property management company from revealing any of our proprietary information to another 
person or using it for any other person or business.  This includes requiring your General Manager, Office 
Managers, Director of Sales, and any third-party property management company to maintain Choice’s trade 
secrets and proprietary information in confidence and to protect against such information being copied or 
given to a third party except as we authorize.   
ITEM 15 
 
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION 
OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 
We do not require you to personally participate in the direct operation of the franchised hotel nor 
do we make any recommendation regarding your personal participation in the direct operation of the 
franchise business.  However, you must have a certified General Manager at your hotel.  We provide Choice 
Hotels Certified General Manager training under HOST and each new or replacement General Manager 
must be certified.  A General Manager is not required to hold any ownership interest in the hotel in order 
to operate the franchise business. 
ITEM 16 
 
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE 
FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 
Goods or services that you offer at your hotel must be consistent with high moral and ethical 
principles. You must offer accommodations and accompanying goods and services that comply with our 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
77 
Rules and Regulations and applicable local, state, and federal law.  We may periodically modify the Rules 
and Regulations to require you to provide additional services or amenities to your guests. See Item 8 for 
additional information.  
ITEM 17 
 
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
The following tables list certain important provisions of the franchise and related agreements.  
You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT SUMMARY 
a.  Length of the franchise 
term 
Section 3 Term is 20 years from the Opening Date, subject to 
(d), (e) and (f) below.  If you are entering into a 
replacement franchise agreement for your existing 
Comfort brand hotel, we have the discretion to offer 
you a term of less than 20 years. 
b.  Renewal or extension of 
the term 
Not Applicable 
 
 
No provision for renewal after the 20-year term 
expires. 
 
c.  Requirements for you to 
renew or extend 
Not Applicable  
d.  Termination by you Sections 3 and 
10(a) 
If the hotel is not to be newly constructed, you have 
the right to terminate on the 5th, 10th and 15th 
anniversaries of the Opening Date.  If the hotel is to 
be newly constructed, you have the right to terminate 
on the 10th and 15th anniversaries of the Opening 
Date.  You may only exercise such termination rights 
by giving us no less than 12 months prior written 
notice provided you pay all fees and charges under 
the franchise agreement and any other related 
agreements at all times during the remainder of the 
term.   
 
If the hotel is not to be newly constructed, and you 
participate in the Developer Incentive Program 
described in Item 10, you will waive your right to 
terminate without cause on the 5th anniversary of the 
Opening Date, unless you have executed a 5 year 
Developer Incentive Addendum and Note. 
 
If we are in default of material obligations, you may 
terminate the franchise agreement, if after 60 days 
written notice, we have failed to cure the default. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
78 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT SUMMARY 
e.  Termination by us 
without cause 
Section 3 Subject to state law, if the hotel is not to be newly 
constructed, we have the right to terminate on the 5th, 
10th and 15th anniversaries of the Opening Date.  If the 
hotel is to be newly constructed, we have the right to 
terminate on the 10th and 15th anniversaries of the 
Opening Date.  We may only exercise such 
termination rights by giving 12 months prior written 
notice. 
 
If the hotel is not to be newly constructed, and you 
participate in the Developer Incentive Program 
described in Item 10, we will waive our right to 
terminate without cause on the 5th anniversary of the 
Opening Date, unless you have executed a 5 year 
Developer Incentive Addendum and Note. 
f.  Termination by us with 
cause 
Section 10(b) We may terminate if you are in default and fail to cure 
within the applicable time period. 
g.  “Cause” defined - 
curable defaults 
Section 10(b)(1) You have 10 days to cure non-payment of fees and 
non-submission of reports and 30 days to cure any 
other breach of your obligations under the franchise 
agreement. 
h.  “Cause” defined – non-
curable defaults  
Section 10(b)(2) Non-curable defaults: threat of danger due to 
condition of hotel; abandonment; loss of possession; 
criminal behavior; unauthorized transfer; knowingly 
false statements on application, submission of false 
reports or maintenance of false books and records; 
failure to open hotel; becoming insolvent or making 
a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; 
failure to maintain the required insurance coverage; 
we send you 2 notices of default for the same or 
similar cause in any consecutive 12 month-period, 
whether or not cured; failure to begin construction or 
renovation of the hotel on or before the required date 
or failure to begin or complete construction or 
renovation of the hotel on or before the required 
dates; failure to complete required property 
improvements by their deadlines; engaging in 
conduct that damaged our brand; unauthorized 
disclosure of confidential information; or breach of 
another agreement with us or our affiliates, or relating 
to the possession of the hotel. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
79 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT SUMMARY 
i. Your obligations upon 
termination/non-renewal 
Sections 10 and 
11 
Obligations include: complete de-identification; 
payment of all fees due; cancellation of any assumed 
name filing containing any Choice Marks; return of 
all materials we provided for the operation of the 
hotel and payment of any damages as a result of 
enforcing Section 10 or 11 of the franchise 
agreement. 
j.  Assignment of contract 
by us 
Section 9(a) No restrictions on our right to assign. 
k.  “Transfer” by you- 
defined 
Section 9(b) Includes sale, assignment, lease, or other 
encumbrance of the franchise agreement, the hotel or 
ownership change. 
l. Our approval of transfer 
by you 
Section 9(b) We must approve all transfers of more than 5% of the 
ownership interest in the hotel with certain 
exceptions. 
m.  Conditions for our 
approval of transfer 
Sections 9(b) 
and 9(c) 
Transferee must meet all of our then-current 
qualifications for new franchisees; the hotel must 
comply with our then-current brand image and 
standards.  In addition, if you transfer a Controlling 
Interest in you (if you are an entity) or the hotel, the 
transferee must sign our then-current form of 
franchise agreement and pay a re-licensing fee equal 
to the then-current affiliation fee we charge.  If we 
approve the transfer to a Close Family Member (for 
example, current spouse, parent, child, sibling, or 
grandparent), that Close Family Member must pay us 
an application fee (not to exceed $7,500). 
n. Our right of first refusal 
to acquire your business 
Not Applicable  
o.  Our option to purchase 
your business 
Not Applicable  
p.  Your death or disability  Section 9(c) Franchise must be assigned by estate to a remaining 
franchisee or to your heirs, when we approve, within 
12 months.   
q.  Non-competition 
covenants during the term 
of the franchise 
Not Applicable  
r.  Non-competition 
covenants after the 
franchise is terminated or 
expires 
Not Applicable  
s.  Modification of the 
agreement 
Section 20(h) This agreement may only be modified in writing and 
signed by both parties. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
80 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
FRANCHISE 
AGREEMENT SUMMARY 
t.  Integration/merger 
clause Section 24 Only the terms of the franchise agreement are binding 
(subject to state law).  Any representations or 
promises outside of the Disclosure Document and 
franchise agreement may not be enforceable. 
u.  Dispute resolution by 
arbitration or mediation Section 21 Except for certain claims, all disputes must be 
arbitrated, subject to Maryland law. 
v.  Choice of forum Sections 21 and 
24 
Arbitration must be in Maryland (subject to state 
law).  See Exhibit D, Addenda to the Franchise 
Agreement. 
w.  Choice of law Sections 20(f) 
and 21 
Maryland law applies (subject to state law).  See 
Exhibit D, Addenda to the Franchise Agreement. 
x.  Other – Liquidated 
Damages 
Sections 10(d) 
and 11(a) 
If we terminate the franchise agreement due to your 
default, or if you use our trademarks after the 
franchise agreement is terminated, you may be 
subject to liquidated damages. 
 
  

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
81 
choiceADVANTAGE® SOFTWARE TERMS OF USE 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
choiceADVANTAGE 
SOFTWARE TERMS 
OF USE SUMMARY 
a. Length of the 
agreement term 
TERMINATION The Terms of Use will begin when you accept the 
terms and will terminate if the franchise 
agreement terminates or expires, if you are in 
default of the Terms of Use or if you fail to make 
payments for the use of the software.   
b.  Renewal or 
extension of the term 
Not Applicable  
c.  Requirements for 
you to renew or extend 
Not Applicable  
d.  Termination by you Not Applicable  
e.  Termination by us 
without cause 
TERMINATION Upon expiration of the franchise agreement. 
f.  Termination by us 
with “cause” 
TERMINATION We may terminate if you are in default. 
g.  “Cause” defined - 
curable defaults 
Not Applicable  
h.  “Cause” defined - 
defaults that cannot be 
cured 
TERMINATION Non-curable defaults:  breach of any provision in 
the Terms of Use; failure to make payments for 
use of the software; termination of the franchise 
agreement.   
i. Your obligations 
upon termination/non-
renewal 
Not Applicable  
j.  Assignment of 
contract by us 
Not Applicable  
k.  “Transfer” by you 
– defined 
SOFTWARE USE AND 
SITE ACCESS; 
GENERAL 
You may not transfer or assign the software, your 
right to access the site, or any rights under the 
Terms of Use.   
l. Our approval of 
transfer  
SOFTWARE USE AND 
SITE ACCESS; 
GENERAL  
You may not assign without Choice’s written 
permission to do so. 
m.  Conditions for our 
approval of transfer 
Not Applicable  
n. Our right of first 
refusal to acquire your 
business 
Not Applicable  
o.  Our option to 
purchase your 
business 
Not Applicable  
p.  Your death or 
disability 
Not Applicable  
q.  Non-competition 
covenants during the 
term of the franchise 
Not Applicable  

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
82 
PROVISION 
SECTION IN 
choiceADVANTAGE 
SOFTWARE TERMS 
OF USE SUMMARY 
r.  Non-competition 
covenants after the 
franchise is terminated 
or expires 
Not Applicable  
s.  Modification of the 
agreement 
PREAMBLE We may modify, add or remove any terms and 
conditions without notice or liability to you.  You 
accept and agree to any modifications, additions, 
or removals by your subsequent use of the 
software. 
t.  Integration/merger 
clause 
ENTIRE 
AGREEMENT 
Only the terms of the Terms of Use and the 
Franchise Agreement are binding (subject to 
state law). Any representations or promises 
outside of the Disclosure Document and 
franchise agreement may not be enforceable. 
u.  Dispute resolution 
by arbitration or 
mediation 
Not Applicable  
v.  Choice of forum Not Applicable  
w.  Choice of law GOVERNING LAW Maryland law applies (subject to state law) 
except the Maryland Uniform Computer 
Information Transactions Act, which is expressly 
disclaimed.   
 
 
ITEM 18 
 
PUBLIC FIGURES 
We do not use any public figure to promote our franchise. 
ITEM 19 
 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis for 
the information, and if the information is included in the Disclosure Document.  Financial performance 
information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor provides the 
actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor supplements the 
information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about possible performance at 
a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
The tables below provide certain historic performance information for franchised COMFORT 
hotels operating in the United States. As of December 31, 2025, there were 1,643 open and operating 
COMFORT hotels in the United States.  Of these 1,643 hotels, all were franchised COMFORT hotels and 
1,581 were COMFORT hotels that met the definition of the Performance Sample.  The “Performance 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
83 
Sample” means all COMFORT branded hotels that were open and operating as of December 31, 2025 and 
that were franchised by Choice and operating on or before January 1, 2025, excluding hotels that:  (1) 
repositioned from another Choice brand to COMFORT during the period beginning January 1, 2025 and 
ending December 31, 2025; (2) had incomplete performance numbers (e.g., missing supply, demand, and 
revenue information) for at least 30 days during the period beginning January 1, 2025 and ending December 
31, 2025; and (3) experienced an interruption in operations (for example, due to renovation or natural 
disaster) of more than 30 consecutive days during the period beginning January 1, 2025 and ending 
December 31, 2025.  There were no COMFORT hotels that closed during Year 2025 after being open less 
than 1 year. 
Table 1: For Year Ended December 31, 2025 - Average Occupancy Rate, ADR, RevPAR, Total 
Choice Enterprise Contribution, Choice Privileges Contribution, and Choice Privileges ADR for 
COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES, and COMFORT SUITES Hotels in the 
Performance Sample  
 
 
Aggregate or 
Average 
Median Low  High Hotels Meeting or 
Exceeding Average 
Total Open and 
Operating 
Hotels 
1,643      
Performance 
Sample 1,581    Count Percent 
Average 
Occupancy Rate 59.7% 60.1% 18.9% 99.5% 815 51.5% 
Average Daily 
Rate $107.62 $103.42 $50.58 $255.35 661 41.8% 
Revenue per 
Available Room 
(“RevPAR”) 
$64.28 $62.63 $17.80 $239.88 731 46.2% 
Total Choice 
Enterprise 
Contribution 
81.3% 82.4% 0.1% 97.7% 882 55.8% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Contribution  
51.8% 53.0% 0.1% 95.6% 855 54.1% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Average Daily 
Rate 
$106.87 $103.29 $52.10 $246.24 670 42.4% 
 
Table 2: For Year Ended December 31, 2025 - Average Occupancy Rate, ADR, RevPAR, Total 
Choice Enterprise Contribution, Choice Privileges Contribution, and Choice Privileges ADR for 
COMFORT INN and COMFORT INN & SUITES Hotels in the Performance Sample  
 
 
Aggregate or 
Average 
Median Low  High Hotels Meeting or 
Exceeding Average 
Performance 
Sample 1,042    Count Percent 
Average 
Occupancy Rate 58.5% 59.1% 18.9% 97.6% 543 52.1% 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
84 
 
Aggregate or 
Average 
Median Low  High Hotels Meeting or 
Exceeding Average 
Average Daily 
Rate $107.90 $102.83 $50.58 $255.35 427 41.0% 
Revenue per 
Available Room 
(“RevPAR”) 
$63.12 $61.34 $17.80 $239.88 481 46.2% 
Total Choice 
Enterprise 
Contribution 
80.4% 81.3% 26.3% 97.7% 569 54.6% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Contribution  
50.7% 52.5% 10.9% 95.6% 581 55.8% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Average Daily 
Rate 
$106.82 $102.80 $52.10 $246.24 437 41.9% 
 
Table 3: For Year Ended December 31, 2025 - Average Occupancy Rate, ADR, RevPAR, Total 
Choice Enterprise Contribution, Choice Privileges Contribution, and Choice Privileges ADR for 
COMFORT SUITES Hotels in the Performance Sample  
 
 
Aggregate or 
Average 
Median Low  High Hotels Meeting or 
Exceeding Average 
Performance 
Sample 539    Count Percent 
Average 
Occupancy Rate 62.1% 62.4% 19.9% 99.5% 275 51.0% 
Average Daily 
Rate $107.11 $104.07 $56.19 $212.83 235 43.6% 
Revenue per 
Available Room 
(“RevPAR”) 
$66.53 $65.13 $18.90 $175.09 248 46.0% 
Total Choice 
Enterprise 
Contribution 
82.9% 84.3% 0.1% 97.3% 323 59.9% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Contribution  
53.8% 53.7% 0.1% 93.4% 269 49.9% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Average Daily 
Rate 
$106.96 $103.66 $58.90 $217.16 232 43.0% 
 
Table 4: For Year Ended December 31, 2025 - Average Occupancy Rate, ADR, RevPAR, Total 
Choice Enterprise Contribution, Choice Privileges Contribution, and Choice Privileges ADR for 
COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES, and COMFORT SUITES Hotels in the 
Performance Sample with a Likelihood to Recommend (“LTR”) Score Above the Brand Average 
 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
85 
 
Aggregate or 
Average 
Median Low  High Hotels Meeting or 
Exceeding Average 
Performance 
Sample 786    Count Percent 
Average 
Occupancy Rate 62.7% 62.2% 28.9% 99.5% 383 48.7% 
Average Daily 
Rate $113.63 $109.62 $67.07 $255.35 330 42.0% 
Revenue per 
Available Room 
(“RevPAR”) 
$71.26 $67.98 $26.93 $239.88 335 42.6% 
Total Choice 
Enterprise 
Contribution 
81.8% 83.0% 26.3% 97.7% 445 56.6% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Contribution  
54.0% 54.9% 10.9% 95.6% 435 55.3% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Average Daily 
Rate 
$112.68 $109.38 $66.44 $246.24 341 43.4% 
 
Table 5: For Year Ended December 31, 2025 - Average Occupancy Rate, ADR, RevPAR, Total 
Choice Enterprise Contribution, Choice Privileges Contribution, and Choice Privileges ADR for 
COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES, and COMFORT SUITES Hotels in the 
Performance Sample Developed Under the “Rise & Shine” Prototype 
 
 
Aggregate or 
Average 
Median Low  High Hotels Meeting or 
Exceeding Average 
Performance 
Sample 67    Count Percent 
Average 
Occupancy Rate 61.2% 61.8% 28.8% 97.3% 36 53.7% 
Average Daily 
Rate $113.23 $110.02 $71.83 $176.01 31 46.3% 
Revenue per 
Available Room 
(“RevPAR”) 
$69.35 $69.64 $23.42 $116.05 34 50.7% 
Total Choice 
Enterprise 
Contribution 
82.4% 83.6% 33.8% 96.5% 38 56.7% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Contribution  
52.6% 53.3% 18.6% 88.1% 35 52.2% 
Choice 
Privileges 
Average Daily 
Rate 
$113.79 $109.61 $71.96 $180.56 31 46.3% 
 
 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
86 
Notes: We used the following definitions in the above tables:   
 
 “Average Occupancy Rate” is the percentage of available guest rooms actually occupied by guests.   
 
 “Average Daily Rate” is the gross room revenue divided by the number of occupied guest rooms.   
 
“RevPAR” is the gross room revenue divided by available guest rooms.  
 
 “Total Choice Enterprise Contribution” is the average of each hotel’s revenue generated through 
the CRS (including online travel agent bookings with whom we have negotiated relationships) and non-
CRS marketing channels, including members of our Choice Privileges and affiliated guest loyalty programs 
that booked directly with Choice Hotels branded properties as well as reservation revenue from wholesale 
group accounts and global sales accounts, excluding cancelled reservations, divided by that hotel’s gross 
room revenues. 
“Choice Privileges Contribution” is the average percentage of gross room revenue attributable to 
members of Choice Privileges, or other affiliated programs, who occupy and pay for guest rooms and are 
awarded Choice Privileges or airline points for their stays or redeem points for a reward night.   
 
“Choice Privileges Average Daily Rate” is the Average Daily Rate for reservations generated 
through our Choice Privileges guest loyalty program and other affiliated loyalty programs, including airline 
loyalty programs, excluding cancelled reservations. 
 
“Likelihood to Recommend” or LTR is a guest satisfaction metric used by Choice Hotels to 
measure the likelihood that a guest would recommend a hotel to others. LTR scores are derived from 
responses to Choice-administered guest satisfaction surveys sent to guests following their stay (and, for 
longer stays, periodic in-stay surveys). Only surveys conducted and approved under Choice Hotels’ internal 
guest feedback processes are included in the LTR calculation; third-party review sites and social media 
reviews are not considered. For purposes of this Item 19, references to hotels performing “above the brand 
average” mean hotels that achieved an LTR score greater than the brand average LTR score during the 
applicable measurement period. 
 
*     *      *      
The data presented in the above tables relate to historical performance of franchised COMFORT 
hotels in the United States and represent average performance of COMFORT branded hotels in a specific 
performance sample.   
The financial performance representations in the above tables do not reflect the costs of sales, 
operating expenses, or other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the gross revenue or gross sales 
figures to obtain your net income or profit.  You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs 
and expenses you will incur in operating your hotel.  Franchisees or former franchisees, listed in this 
Disclosure Document, may be one source of this information. 
The data presented in the above tables are based on information that individual franchise owners 
provided to us.  Written substantiation of the financial information that forms the bases for our financial 
performance representations will be made available to you within a reasonable period of time following 
receipt of your written request.  
Some franchised COMFORT hotels have earned the results indicated above. Your individual 
results may differ. There is no assurance that you will earn as much. 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
87 
Other than the preceding financial performance representation, we do not make any financial 
performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives to make any such 
representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing outlet, however, we may provide 
you with the actual records of that outlet. If you receive any other financial performance information or 
projections of your future income, you should report it to the franchisor’s management by contacting our 
General Counsel at 915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 and at (301) 592-5000; 
the Federal Trade Commission; and the appropriate state regulatory agencies. 
ITEM 20 
 
OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION 
Table No. 1 
COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES, and COMFORT SUITES 
System-wide Outlet Summary 
For Years 2023 to 2025* 
 
Outlet Type Year 
Outlets at the 
Start of the 
Year 
Outlets at the 
End of the Year  Net Change 
Franchised 
Outlets 
2023 1,655 1,664 +9 
2024 1,664 1,663 -1 
2025 1,663 1,643 -20 
Company Owned 2023 0 0 0 
2024 0 0 0 
2025 0 0 0 
Total Outlets 2023 1,655 1,664 +9 
2024 1,664 1,663 -1 
2025 1,663 1,643 -20 
 
*As of December 31, for each year. 
 
Table No. 2 
Transfers of COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES and COMFORT SUITES Outlets from 
Franchisees to New Owners 
(Other than the Franchisor) 
For Years 2023 to 2025* 
 
State** Year Number of Transfers 
Alabama 2023 2 
2024 1 
2025 2 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
88 
State** Year Number of Transfers 
Arizona 2023 2 
2024 0 
2025 1 
Arkansas 2023 0 
2024 2 
2025 0 
California 2023 2 
2024 3 
2025 2 
Colorado 2023 4 
2024 0 
2025 2 
Connecticut 2023 1 
2024 0 
2025 2 
Florida 2023 3 
2024 3 
2025 5 
Georgia 2023 7 
2024 4 
2025 2 
Illinois 2023 5 
2024 0 
2025 4 
Indiana 2023 7 
2024 6 
2025 6 
Iowa 2023 0 
2024 1 
2025 0 
Kansas 2023 1 
2024 0 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
89 
State** Year Number of Transfers 
2025 1 
Kentucky 2023 1 
2024 3 
2025 1 
Louisiana 2023 4 
2024 1 
 2025 1 
Maine 2023 1 
2024 0 
2025 0 
Maryland 2023 1 
2024 1 
2025 1 
Massachusetts 2023 2 
2024 0 
2025 1 
Michigan 2023 5 
2024 0 
2025 1 
Minnesota 2023 0 
2024 1 
2025 0 
Mississippi 2023 4 
2024 0 
2025 2 
Missouri 2023 4 
2024 3 
2025 2 
Nebraska 2023 2 
2024 2 
2025 2 
New Hampshire 2023 1 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
90 
State** Year Number of Transfers 
2024 0 
2025 0 
New Jersey 2023 1 
2024 0 
2025 1 
New Mexico 2023 1 
 2024 3 
2025 2 
New York 2023 1 
2024 4 
2025 1 
North Carolina 2023 6 
2024 5 
2025 4 
North Dakota 2023 1 
2024 2 
2025 2 
Ohio 2023 2 
2024 8 
2025 3 
Oklahoma 2023 2 
2024 2 
2025 1 
Oregon 2023 0 
2024 0 
2025 0 
Pennsylvania 2023 3 
2024 9 
2025 5 
South Carolina 2023 0 
2024 2 
2025 3 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
91 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
*As of  December 31, 
for each year. 
**States not listed had no transfer activity to report. 
***Includes both voluntary and involuntary transfers. 
 
State** Year Number of Transfers 
South Dakota 2023 2 
2024 1 
2025 0 
Tennessee 2023 6 
2024 2 
2025 4 
Texas 2023 12 
2024 6 
2025 10 
Utah 2023 1 
2024 1 
2025 2 
Vermont 2023 1 
2024 1 
2025 0 
Virginia 2023 5 
2024 1 
2025 3 
Washington 2023 1 
2024 0 
2025 0 
Wisconsin 2023 3 
2024 5 
2025 1 
Wyoming 2023 0 
2024 0 
2025 2 
Total*** 2023 107 
2024 83 
2025 82 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
92 
 
Table No. 3 
Status of COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES and COMFORT SUITES Franchised 
Outlets 
For Years 2023 to 2025* 
 
State Year 
Outlets 
at Start 
of Year 
Outlets 
Opened Terminations 
Non-
Renewals 
Reacquired 
by 
Franchisor 
Ceased 
Operations 
– Other 
Reasons 
Outlets 
at End of 
the Year  
Alabama 2023 40 1 0 0 0 0 41 
2024 41 1 0 0 0 0 42 
2025 42 1 0 1 0 0 42 
Alaska 2023 2 0 0 0 0 1 1 
2024 1 1 0 0 0 0 2 
2025 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 
Arizona 2023 32 0 0 0 0 2 30 
2024 30 0 0 1 0 1 28 
2025 28 0 0 0 0 1 27 
Arkansas 2023 27 0 0 0 0 0 27 
2024 27 0 0 0 0 0 27 
2025 27 0 0 0 0 0 27 
California 2023 83 2 0 2 0 0 83 
2024 83 3 0 0 0 4 82 
2025 82 1 0 1 0 3 79 
Colorado 2023 38 2 0 0 0 0 40 
2024 40 1 0 1 0 1 39 
2025 39 0 0 1 0 1 37 
Connecticut 2023 9 0 0 0 0 0 9 
2024 9 1 0 0 0 0 10 
2025 10 0 0 0 0 1 9 
Delaware 2023 6 0 0 0 0 0 6 
2024 6 0 0 0 0 0 6 
2025 6 0 0 0 0 0 6 
District of 
Columbia 
2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
Florida 2023 74 5 0 0 0 0 79 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
93 
State Year 
Outlets 
at Start 
of Year 
Outlets 
Opened Terminations 
Non-
Renewals 
Reacquired 
by 
Franchisor 
Ceased 
Operations 
– Other 
Reasons 
Outlets 
at End of 
the Year  
2024 79 2 0 1 0 3 77 
 2025 77 1 0 2 0 4 72 
Georgia 2023 74 0 0 0 0 1 73 
2024 73 1 0 1 0 0 73 
2025 73 4 0 0 0 2 75 
Idaho 2023 5 2 0 0 0 0 7 
2024 7 0 0 0 0 0 7 
2025 7 0 0 0 0 0 7 
Illinois 2023 46 2 0 0 0 2 46 
2024 46 1 0 0 0 0 47 
2025 47 2 1 0 0 1 47 
Indiana 2023 57 2 0 1 0 1 57 
2024 57 1 0 0 0 0 58 
2025 58 0 0 0 0 1 57 
Iowa 2023 23 0 0 0 0 0 23 
2024 23 2 0 0 0 0 25 
2025 25 1 0 0 0 0 26 
Kansas 2023 25 1 0 0 0 0 26 
2024 26 0 0 0 0 0 26 
2025 26 1 0 0 0 0 27 
Kentucky 2023 36 1 0 0 0 0 37 
2024 37 0 0 0 0 0 37 
2025 37 3 0 0 0 2 38 
Louisiana 2023 34 4 0 0 0 0 38 
2024 38 0 0 0 0 1 37 
2025 37 0 0 0 0 2 35 
Maine 2023 8 0 0 0 0 0 8 
2024 8 0 0 0 0 0 8 
2025 8 0 0 0 0 0 8 
Maryland 2023 24 1 0 0 0 2 23 
2024 23 0 0 0 0 0 23 
2025 23 0 0 0 0 1 22 
Massachusetts 2023 14 0 0 1 0 0 13 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
94 
State Year 
Outlets 
at Start 
of Year 
Outlets 
Opened Terminations 
Non-
Renewals 
Reacquired 
by 
Franchisor 
Ceased 
Operations 
– Other 
Reasons 
Outlets 
at End of 
the Year  
2024 13 0 0 0 0 1 12 
 2025 12 0 0 0 0 0 12 
Michigan 2023 54 1 0 0 0 0 55 
2024 55 0 0 1 0 0 54 
2025 54 1 0 1 0 3 51 
Minnesota 2023 15 0 0 1 0 0 14 
2024 14 0 0 0 0 0 14 
2025 14 3 0 0 0 0 17 
Mississippi 2023 24 0 0 0 0 1 23 
2024 23 0 0 1 0 0 22 
2025 22 0 0 0 0 0 22 
Missouri 2023 40 2 0 0 0 0 42 
2024 42 1 0 0 0 1 42 
2025 42 0 0 0 0 1 41 
Montana 2023 10 0 0 0 0 0 10 
2024 10 0 0 0 0 0 10 
2025 10 1 0 0 0 1 10 
Nebraska 2023 19 0 0 1 0 0 18 
2024 18 0 0 0 0 0 18 
2025 18 1 0 0 0 0 19 
Nevada 2023 7 0 0 0 0 0 7 
2024 7 1 0 0 0 0 8 
2025 8 0 0 0 0 0 8 
New 
Hampshire 
2023 4 0 0 0 0 0 4 
2024 4 0 0 0 0 0 4 
2025 4 0 0 0 0 0 4 
New Jersey 2023 15 1 0 0 0 0 16 
2024 16 0 0 1 0 0 15 
2025 15 0 0 0 0 0 15 
New Mexico 2023 29 1 0 0 0 0 30 
2024 30 0 0 0 0 1 29 
2025 29 0 0 0 0 1 28 
New York 2023 39 1 0 0 0 3 37 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
95 
State Year 
Outlets 
at Start 
of Year 
Outlets 
Opened Terminations 
Non-
Renewals 
Reacquired 
by 
Franchisor 
Ceased 
Operations 
– Other 
Reasons 
Outlets 
at End of 
the Year  
2024 37 1 0 1 0 2 35 
 2025 35 2 0 1 0 0 36 
North Carolina 2023 73 0 0 0 0 2 71 
2024 71 0 0 0 0 2 69 
2025 69 0 0 3 0 1 65 
North Dakota 2023 8 0 0 0 0 1 7 
2024 7 0 0 0 0 0 7 
2025 7 0 0 0 0 0 7 
Ohio 2023 74 1 0 0 0 0 75 
2024 75 2 0 1 0 0 76 
2025 76 0 0 0 0 2 74 
Oklahoma 2023 33 0 0 0 0 0 33 
2024 33 1 0 0 0 2 32 
2025 32 2 0 1 0 2 31 
Oregon 2023 27 0 0 0 0 2 25 
2024 25 0 0 0 0 0 25 
2025 25 0 0 0 0 0 25 
Pennsylvania 2023 67 1 0 2 0 1 65 
2024 65 2 0 1 0 0 66 
2025 66 2 0 1 0 1 66 
Rhode Island 2023 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2024 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
2025 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 
South Carolina 2023 40 0 0 0 0 1 39 
2024 39 0 0 0 0 1 38 
2025 38 1 0 2 0 0 37 
South Dakota 2023 11 2 0 0 0 0 13 
2024 13 0 0 0 0 0 13 
2025 13 0 0 0 0 0 13 
Tennessee 2023 54 2 1 0 0 1 54 
2024 54 2 0 0 0 0 56 
2025 56 2 0 0 0 0 58 
Texas 2023 182 5 0 1 0 2 184 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
96 
 
* As of December 31, for each year.  If multiple events occurred affecting an outlet, this table shows the 
event that occurred last in time.  States not listed had no activity to report. 
 
 
 
  
State Year 
Outlets 
at Start 
of Year 
Outlets 
Opened Terminations 
Non-
Renewals 
Reacquired 
by 
Franchisor 
Ceased 
Operations 
– Other 
Reasons 
Outlets 
at End of 
the Year  
2024 184 9 0 3 0 6 184 
 2025 184 3 0 3 0 0 184 
Utah 2023 27 0 0 0 0 2 25 
2024 25 1 0 0 0 0 26 
2025 26 1 0 0 0 0 27 
Vermont 2023 6 0 0 0 0 0 6 
2024 6 0 0 0 0 0 6 
2025 6 0 0 0 0 0 6 
Virginia 2023 63 2 0 0 0 0 65 
2024 65 2 0 1 0 1 65 
2025 65 0 1 1 0 2 61 
Washington 2023 28 0 0 0 0 0 28 
2024 28 0 0 0 0 1 27 
2025 27 0 1 0 0 0 26 
West Virginia 2023 10 1 0 0 0 1 10 
2024 10 0 0 0 0 0 10 
2025 10 0 0 0 0 0 10 
Wisconsin 2023 26 1 0 0 0 0 27 
2024 27 6 0 0 0 1 32 
2025 32 1 0 0 0 0 33 
Wyoming 2023 11 1 0 0 0 0 12 
2024 12 0 0 0 0 0 12 
2025 12 0 0 0 0 0 12 
Total 2023 1,655 45 1 9 0 26 1,664 
2024 1,664 42 0 14 0 29 1,663 
2025 1,663 34 3 18 0 33 1,643 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
97 
Table No. 4 
Status of Company-Owned Outlets 
For Years 2023 to 2025* 
State** Year 
Outlets 
At 
Start of 
Year 
Outlets 
Opened Terminations 
Non-
Renewals 
Reacquired 
by Choice 
Ceased 
Operations – 
Other 
Reason 
Outlets at 
End of the 
Year 
Totals 2023 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2024 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
2025 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
*As of December 31, for each year.   
**States not listed had no corporate-owned outlets to report. 
 
Table No. 5 
Projected COMFORT INN, COMFORT INN & SUITES and COMFORT SUITES Openings as of 
December 31, 2025 (Note 1)* 
 
State 
Franchise 
Agreements Signed 
But Not Opened 
Projected New 
Franchised Outlets 
in the next Fiscal 
Year  
Projected New 
Company-
Owned Outlets 
in the next Fiscal 
Year 
Alabama 4 0 0 
Arizona 1 0 0 
Arkansas 1 0 0 
California 10 3 0 
Colorado 4 2 0 
Connecticut 1 1 0 
Florida 10 5 0 
Georgia 5 2 0 
Idaho 4 3 0 
Illinois 3 2 0 
Indiana 0 0 0 
Iowa 1 0 0 
Kansas 1 0 0 
Kentucky 3 1 0 
Louisiana 3 0 0 
Massachusetts 1 1 0 
Michigan 2 0 0 
Minnesota 1 1 0 
Mississippi 4 1 0 
Missouri 1 0 0 
Montana 1 1 0 
Nebraska 0 0 0 
Nevada 1 0 0 
New Hampshire 1 1 0 
New Jersey  1 0 0 
New Mexico 3 0 0 
New York 4 2 0 
North Carolina 2 0 0 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
98 
State 
Franchise 
Agreements Signed 
But Not Opened 
Projected New 
Franchised Outlets 
in the next Fiscal 
Year  
Projected New 
Company-
Owned Outlets 
in the next Fiscal 
Year 
Ohio 1 0 0 
Oklahoma 2 0 0 
Oregon 0 0 0 
Pennsylvania 1 0 0 
Rhode Island 1 0 0 
South Carolina 2 1 0 
South Dakota  2 1 0 
Tennessee 11 3 0 
Texas 6 2 0 
Utah 0 0 0 
Virginia 0 0 0 
Washington 2 0 0 
Wisconsin 0 0 0 
Total 101 33 0 
 
 
*States not listed had no franchised or corporate-owned projections to report. 
 
Note 1:  Projected openings are based on information currently available to management as 
of December 31, 2025.    
The number of franchises as of year-end may differ from that in the audited financial statements 
(Exhibit C to this Disclosure Document) as the financial statements also include franchises in Puerto Rico, 
Dominican Republic, Turks & Caicos, the Cayman Islands and the Bahamas. 
Exhibit N lists the names of all of our U.S. operating franchisees and the addresses and telephone 
numbers of their Hotels as of December 31, 2025, including franchisees who have signed Franchise 
Agreements for Hotels that were not yet operational as of December 31, 2025. 
 Exhibit O lists the name, city and state, and business telephone number (or, if unknown, the last 
known home telephone number) of all franchisees who transferred their hotels or who had a Hotel terminated, 
cancelled, not renewed, or otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to operate and/or conduct business 
under a Franchise Agreement during the most recently completed fiscal year, or who has not communicated 
with us within 10 weeks of the issuance date of this Disclosure Document.  If you buy this franchise, your 
contact information may be disclosed to other buyers when you leave the franchise system. 
During the past three years, franchisees have signed confidentiality clauses with us.  In some 
instances, current and former franchisees have signed provisions restricting their ability to speak openly 
about their experience with us.  You may wish to speak with current and former franchisees, but be aware 
that not all of these franchisees will be able to communicate with you. 
 Exhibit M lists, to the extent known, the names, addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses 
and Web addresses of each trademark-specific franchisee organization associated with the franchise 
system being offered which we have created, sponsored or endorsed. 
 
As of the date of this Disclosure Document, there is not a brand-specific franchise advisory council. 
However, we have the right to create such advisory council at any time. We will sponsor the council and 

 
 
Comfort Franchise Disclosure Document - April 1, 2026 
99 
select the franchisees that participate on the council.  Contact information for the council will be the same 
as our contact information. 
ITEM 21 
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Our audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 
2023 are included in this Disclosure Document as Exhibit C.    
ITEM 22 
 
CONTRACTS 
Attached as Exhibits D through I as well as Exhibit Q to this Disclosure Document are copies of 
the agreements you may be required to sign or accept. These are the Franchise Agreement (including 
Personal Guaranty and State Addenda to the Franchise Agreement), the choiceADVANTAGE® Software 
Terms of Use, the ResConnect Terms of Use, Promissory Note, Incentive Promissory Note, Lender 
Documents, the Comfort Letter, and the Franchise Disclosure Acknowledgment Form.  
ITEM 23 
 
RECEIPT 
Two copies of a detachable Receipt are found at the end of this Disclosure Document (Exhibit R). 
 
 

EXHIBIT A 
 

82547831v2 
STATE SPECIFIC ADDENDA FOR THE FOLLOWING STATES: 
CALIFORNIA  
HAWAII 
ILLINOIS 
MARYLAND 
MICHIGAN 
MINNESOTA 
NEW YORK 
NORTH DAKOTA 
RHODE ISLAND 
VIRGINIA 
WASHINGTON 
WISCONSIN 

82547831v2 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR CALIFORNIA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document, the following 
provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of California: 
THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL 
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE DELIVERED 
TOGETHER WITH THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
OUR WEBSITE HAS NOT BEEN REVIEWED OR APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION. ANY COMPLAINTS 
CONCERNING THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE MAY BE DIRECTED TO THE CALIFORNIA 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION AT WWW.DFPI.CA.GOV. 
CALIFORNIA CORPORATIONS CODE, SECTION 31125 REQUIRES CHOICE HOTELS 
INTERNATIONAL, INC. TO GIVE YOU A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, APPROVED BY THE 
DEPARTMENT OF FINANCIAL PROTECTION AND INNOVATION PRIOR TO A SOLICITATION 
OF A PROPOSED MATERIAL MODIFICATION OF AN EXISTING FRANCHISE. 
Each owner of the franchise is required to execute a personal guaranty. Doing so could jeopardize the 
marital assets of non-owner spouses domiciled in community property states such as California. 
Registration of this franchise does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the 
Commissioner. 
ITEM 3 LITIGATION 
1. We are not subject to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national 
securities exchange, as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78 a et seq., 
suspending or expelling these persons from membership in such association or exchange.
ITEM 6 OTHER FEES 
1. The maximum interest rate in California is 10% annually. 
ITEM 10 FINANCING 
1. We will comply with all appropriate laws governing any direct financing offered by us to you 
including, if applicable, the California Finance Lenders Law. 
2. Item 10 of the FDD is amended to provide that Balboa Capital Corporation, Ascentium Capital 
LLC,  and Avana Capital all operate in California under a California Finance Lender license.   PMC 
Commercial Trust holds a license issued directly by the Small Business Administration (“SBA”) 
that allows it to make SBA 7a loans in every state, including the State of California.  
ITEM 17 RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
1. California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to you 
concerning termination, transfer or non-renewal of a franchise. If the Franchise Agreement contains 
a provision that is inconsistent with the law, the law will control. 

82547831v2 
2. The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be 
enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101 et seq.). 
3. The Franchise Agreement contains a provision requiring application of the laws of Maryland. This 
provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
4. The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
termination of the franchise.  This provision may not be enforceable under California law.  . 
5. The Franchise Agreement requires you to execute a general release of claims upon renewal or 
transfer of the Franchise Agreement. California Corporations Code Section 31512 provides that 
any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to 
waive compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or order is void. Section 31512 voids 
a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law (California Corporations Code Section 
31000-31516).  Business and Professions Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under 
the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000-20043). 
6. The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause.  Under Civil Code Section 1671 
certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable. 
7. The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration. The arbitration will occur at our 
headquarters in Rockville, Maryland with the costs being borne by the non-prevailing party. 
Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal counsel to determine the 
applicability of California and Federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 
20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provision 
of a franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.  
8. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise.

82547831v2 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PURSUANT TO 
THE HAWAII FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
These franchises will be/have been filed under the Franchise Investment law of the State of Hawaii.  Filing 
does not constitute approval, recommendation or endorsement by the director of regulatory agencies or a 
finding by the director of regulatory agencies that the information provided herein is true, complete, and 
not misleading. 
The Franchise Investment Law makes it unlawful to offer or sell any franchise in this state without first 
providing to the prospective franchisee or subfranchisor, at least seven (7) days prior to the execution by 
the prospective franchisee, of any binding franchise or other agreement, or at least seven (7) days prior to 
the payment of any consideration by the franchisee or subfranchisor, whichever occurs first, a copy of the 
Franchise Disclosure Document, together will a copy of all proposed agreements relating to the sale of the 
franchise. 
This Franchise Disclosure Document contains a summary only of certain material provisions of the 
Franchise Agreement.  The contract or agreement should be referred to for a statement of all rights, 
conditions, restrictions and obligations of both the franchisor and the franchisee. 

82547831v2 
ILLINIOS ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PURSUANT TO  
THE ILLINOIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACT 
1. Item 17, Additional Disclosures. The following statements are added to Item 17: 
Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement. 
Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any provision in a franchise 
agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue outside the State of Illinois is void.  However, a 
franchise agreement may provide for arbitration outside of Illinois.   
Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any condition, stipulation or 
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with the 
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise agreement are set forth in sections 19 
and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.   
2. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise. 

82547831v2 
ADDENDUM TO THE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR MARYLAND
The following provisions will apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of Maryland.  Item 
numbers correspond to those in the main body of the disclosure document. 
ITEM 17 
1. Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure law must be brought 
within 3 years after we grant you a franchise. 
2. Our termination of the Franchise Agreement because of your bankruptcy may not be enforceable 
under applicable federal law (11 U.S.C.A. 101 et seq.). 
3. The release language set forth in the Franchise Agreement will not apply to any liability under the 
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law (COMAR 02.02.08.16L). 
4. You may bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration 
and Disclosure Law.
5. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise.

82547831v2 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PURSUANT TO 
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
If and to the extent the Minnesota Franchise Investment Law applies to the Franchise Agreement, the 
following provisions supersede the Franchise Disclosure Document and apply to all franchises offered and 
sold in Minnesota. 
THESE FRANCHISES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE ACT. 
REGISTRATION DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION OR 
ENDORSEMENT BY THE COMMISSIONER OF COMMERCE OF MINNESOTA OR A FINDING BY 
THE COMMISSIONER THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN IS TRUE, COMPLETE 
AND NOT MISLEADING. 
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE ACT MAKES IT UNLAWFUL TO OFFER OR SELL ANY 
FRANCHISE IN THIS STATE WHICH IS SUBJECT TO REGISTRATION WITHOUT FIRST 
PROVIDING TO THE PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE, AT LEAST 7 DAYS PRIOR TO THE 
EXECUTION BY THE PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE OF ANY BINDING FRANCHISE OR OTHER 
AGREEMENT, OR AT LEAST 7 DAYS PRIOR TO THE PAYMENT OF ANY CONSIDERATION, BY 
THE FRANCHISEE, WHICHEVER OCCURS FIRST, A COPY OF THIS PUBLIC OFFERING 
STATEMENT, TOGETHER WITH A COPY OF ALL PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO 
THE FRANCHISE. THIS PUBLIC OFFERING STATEMENT CONTAINS A SUMMARY ONLY OF 
CERTAIN MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT. THE CONTRACT OR 
AGREEMENT SHOULD BE REFERRED TO FOR AN UNDERSTANDING OF ALL RIGHTS AND 
OBLIGATIONS OF BOTH THE FRANCHISOR AND THE FRANCHISEE. 
State Cover Page and Item 17, Additional Disclosures: 
Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 and Minn. Rule 2860.4400J prohibit us from requiring litigation to be 
conducted outside of Minnesota, requiring waiver of a jury trial or requiring the franchisee to 
consent to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes.  In addition, nothing in the 
Disclosure Document shall abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minn. Stat. Sec. 
80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the jurisdiction. 
Franchisee cannot consent to the franchisor obtaining injunctive relief.  The franchisor may seek 
injunctive relief.  A court will determine if a bond is required. 
Item 6, Additional Disclosure: 
NSF checks are governed by Minn. Stat. 604.113, which puts a cap of $30 on service charges.   
Item 13, Additional Disclosures: 
The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that a franchisor indemnify Minnesota 
Franchisees against liability to third parties resulting from claims by third parties that the 
franchisee’s use of the franchisor’s trademark infringes upon the trademark rights of the third party.  
The franchisor does not indemnify against the consequences of a franchisee’s use of a franchisor’s 
trademark except in accordance with the requirements of the franchise agreement, and as the 
condition to an indemnification, the franchisee must provide notice to the franchisor of any such 
claim immediately and tender the defense of the claim to the franchisor.  If the franchisor accepts 

82547831v2 
tender of defense, the franchisor has the right to manage the defense of the claim, including the 
right to compromise, settle or otherwise resolve the claim, or to determine whether to appeal a final 
determination of the claim. 
Item 17, Additional Disclosures: 
1. Any condition, stipulation or provision, including any choice of law provision, purporting to bind 
any person who, at the time of acquiring a franchise is a resident of the State of Minnesota or in the 
case of a partnership or corporation, organized or incorporated under the laws of the State of 
Minnesota, or purporting to bind a person acquiring any franchise to be operated in the State of 
Minnesota to waive compliance or which has the effect of waiving compliance with any provision 
of the Minnesota Franchise Law is void. 
2. Minnesota law provides franchisees with certain termination and non-renewal rights.  Minnesota 
Statutes, Section 80C.14, Subdivisions 3, 4 and 5 require, except in certain specified cases, that a 
franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for 
non-renewal of the Franchise Agreement. 
2. Minnesota Rule 2860.4400D prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to assent to a 
general release, assignment, novation, or waiver that would relieve any person from liability 
imposed by Minnesota Statute §§80C.01 – 80C.22. 
3. The limitations of claims section must comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.17, subd. 5. 
4. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise. 

82547831v2 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR NEW YORK 
1. The following information is added to the Cover Page of the Franchise Disclosure Document: 
INFORMATION COMPARING FRANCHISORS IS AVAILABLE. CALL THE STATE 
ADMINISTRATORS LISTED IN EXHIBIT A OR YOUR PUBLIC LIBRARY FOR SERVICES 
OR INFORMATION. REGISTRATION OF THIS FRANCHISE BY NEW YORK STATE 
DOES NOT MEAN THAT NEW YORK STATE RECOMMENDS IT OR HAS VERIFIED THE 
INFORMATION IN THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. IF YOU LEARN 
ANYTHING IN THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT IS UNTRUE, CONTACT 
THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION AND THE APPROPRIATE STATE OR 
PROVINCIAL AUTHORITY. THE FRANCHISOR MAY, IF IT CHOOSES, NEGOTIATE 
WITH YOU ABOUT ITEMS COVERED IN THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. 
HOWEVER, THE FRANCHISOR CANNOT USE THE NEGOTIATING PROCESS TO 
PREVAIL UPON A PROSPECTIVE FRANCHISEE TO ACCEPT TERMS THAT ARE LESS 
FAVORABLE THAN THOSE SET FORTH IN THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE 
DOCUMENT. 
2. The following is to be added at the end of Item 3: 
Except as provided above, with regard to the franchisor, its predecessor, a person identified in Item 2, 
or an affiliate offering franchises under the franchisor’s principal trademark: 
A. No such party has an administrative, criminal or civil action pending against that person alleging: 
a felony, a violation of a franchise, antitrust, or securities law, fraud, embezzlement, fraudulent 
conversion, misappropriation of property, unfair or deceptive practices, or comparable civil or 
misdemeanor allegations. 
B. No such party has pending actions, other than routine litigation incidental to the business, which 
are significant in the context of the number of franchisees and the size, nature or financial condition of 
the franchise system or its business operations. 
C. No such party has been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo contendere to a felony charge or, 
within the 10 year period immediately preceding the application for registration, has been convicted of 
or pleaded nolo contendere to a misdemeanor charge or has been the subject of a civil action alleging: 
violation of a franchise, antifraud, or securities law; fraud; embezzlement; fraudulent conversion or 
misappropriation of property; or unfair or deceptive practices or comparable allegations. 
D. No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order or decree relating to 
the franchise, or under a Federal, State, or Canadian franchise, securities, antitrust, trade regulation or 
trade practice law, resulting from a concluded or pending action or proceeding brought by a public 
agency; or is subject to any currently effective order of any national securities association or national 
securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or expelling 
such person from membership in such association or exchange; or is subject to a currently effective 
injunctive or restrictive order relating to any other business activity as a result of an action brought by 
a public agency or department, including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as a real estate 
broker or sales agent. 
3. The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), “Requirements for you 
to renew or extend,” and Item 17(m) “Conditions for our approval of transfer”: 

82547831v2 
However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of action arising 
in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York 
and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this proviso that the 
non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687(4) and 687(5) be satisfied. 
4. The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), “Termination by you”: 
 You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law. 
5. The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), “Choice of forum”, and 
Item 17(w), “Choice of law”: 
The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred upon the 
franchisor or the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State of New York. 
6. Franchisee Questionnaires and Acknowledgements -  
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with 
the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on 
any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the 
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the 
franchise. 
7.  Receipts--Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act (N.Y. Gen. 
Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document (offering 
prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be made. New York law 
requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first personal 
meeting, ten (10) business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or the payment 
of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.

82547831v2 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR NORTH DAKOTA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document, the following 
provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of North Dakota: 
1. Restrictive Covenants: Covenants not to compete during the term of and upon termination or 
expiration of the franchise agreement are enforceable only under certain conditions according to 
North Dakota law.  If the Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete that is 
inconsistent with North Dakota law, the covenant may be unenforceable.   
2. Situs of Arbitration/Litigation Proceedings: Any provision requiring franchisees to consent to the 
jurisdiction of courts outside North Dakota or to consent to the application of laws of a state other 
than North Dakota may be unenforceable under North Dakota law.  Any mediation or arbitration 
will be held at a site agreeable to all parties.  If the laws of a state other than North Dakota govern, 
to the extent that such law conflicts with North Dakota law, North Dakota law will control.   
3. Restriction of Forum: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the jurisdiction of courts 
outside North Dakota.  
4. Liquidated Damages and Termination Penalties: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to 
liquidated damages or termination penalties. 
5. Applicable Laws: Franchise agreements which specify that any claims arising under the North 
Dakota franchise law will be governed by the laws of a state other than North Dakota. 
6. Waiver of Trial by Jury: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to the waiver of a trial by 
jury. 
7. Waiver of Exemplary and Punitive Damages: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to consent to a 
waiver of exemplary and punitive damages. 
8. General Release: Requiring North Dakota franchisees to execute a general release of claims as a 
condition of renewal or transfer of a franchise. 
9. Limitation of Claims: Requiring that North Dakota franchisees to consent to a limitation of claims. 
The statute of limitations under North Dakota law applies. 
10. Enforcement of Agreement: Requiring that North Dakota franchisees pay all costs and expenses 
incurred by the franchisor in enforcing the agreement. The prevailing party in any enforcement 
action is entitled to recover all costs and expenses including attorney’s fees.  
11. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims 
under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming 
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf 
of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection 
with the franchise.

82547831v2 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR RHODE ISLAND 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document, the 
following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of Rhode Island. 
ITEM 17 RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
§19-28.1.-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A provision in a 
franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or requiring the application 
of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under this Act.” 

82547831v2 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR VIRGINIA 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure Document, the 
following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of Virginia. 
ITEM 17 RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
Any provision in any of the contracts that you sign with us which provides for termination of the 
franchise upon the bankruptcy of the franchisee may not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 
U.S.C. 101 et. seq.). 
Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a franchisor 
to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any ground for default or termination stated in the 
franchise agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in the Virginia 
Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be enforceable. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
The following applies to any Franchise Agreement entered into after June 30, 2026: 
Under subsection D of § 13.1-559 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, for all franchises located 
in Virginia, the franchise contract or agreement offered or entered into pursuant to terms of this chapter 
shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. 

82547831v2 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT PURSUANT TO THE 
WASHINGTON FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, 
Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail. 
Item 17, “Renewal, Termination, Transfer, and Dispute Resolution,” is amended by adding the following 
at the end of the Item: 
1. RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor 
including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  There may also be court decisions which 
may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor including the areas of 
termination and renewal of your franchise. 
2. In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or 
mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of 
the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or 
mediation.  In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an 
action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.  
3. A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the Washington 
Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when executed pursuant to a 
negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented by independent 
counsel.   
4. Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for 
claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not be 
enforceable. 
5. Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or 
actual costs in effecting a transfer.  
6. Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party seeking 
enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for 
inflation).  In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent 
contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings from the 
party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted 
annually for inflation).  As a result, any provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that 
conflict with these limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington.  
7. RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee from 
(i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring any 
employee of the franchisor.  As a result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or 
elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
8. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection 
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under 
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any 

82547831v2 
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This 
provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

82547831v2 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR WISCONSIN 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the Franchise Disclosure document, the 
following provisions will supersede and apply to all franchises offered and sold in the State of 
Wisconsin: 
1. Registration does not constitute approval, recommendation or endorsement by the 
Commissioner of Securities of the State of Wisconsin. 
2. The following will apply to Franchise Agreements in the State of Wisconsin: 
a. The Wisconsin Fair Dealership Act, Wisconsin Statutes, Chapter 135 will apply to 
and govern the provisions of Franchise Agreements or related contracts issued in the State 
of Wisconsin. 
b. For all franchisees residing in the State of Wisconsin, we will provide you at least 
ninety (90) days' notice of termination, cancellation, non-renewal or substantial change in 
competitive circumstances, and sixty (60) days to remedy claimed deficiencies, will 
supersede the requirements of the Franchise Agreement to the extent they may be 
inconsistent with the Act's requirements.  If the reason for termination, cancellation, or 
substantial change in competitive circumstances is nonpayment of sums due under the 
franchise, you will have 10 days to cure the deficiency. 

EXHIBIT B 
 

REGISTERED AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS 
 
 
CALIFORNIA 
 
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation 
1-866-275-2677 
 
 Los Angeles 
 320 West 4th Street, Suite 750 
 Los Angeles, CA 90013-2344 
 (213) 576-7500 
 
 Sacramento 
 2101 Arena Boulevard 
Sacramento, CA 95834  
(916) 445-7205 
 
 San Diego 
 1455 Frazee Road, Suite 315  
 San Diego, CA 92108  
 (619) 525-4233 
 
               San Francisco 
               California Financial Protection and  
Innovation Commissioner 
               One Sansome Street, Suite 600 
               San Francisco, CA 94104 
 
HAWAII 
Commissioner of Securities of the State of Hawaii 
Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs 
Business Registration / Securities Compliance 
335 Merchant Street, Room 203 
Honolulu, HI 96813 
             And  
Corporation Service Company 
1003 Bishop Street, Suite 1600 
Pauahi Tower 
Honolulu, HI 96813 
 
ILLINOIS 
Corporation Service Company 
801 Adlai Stevenson Drive 
Springfield, IL 62703 
 Or 
Attorney General State of Illinois 
500 South Second Street 
Springfield, IL 62706 
 
INDIANA 
Corporation Service Company 
Two Market Square Center 
251 East Ohio Street, Suite 500 
Indianapolis, IN 46204 
 Or 
 
Indiana Secretary of State 
Securities Division 
302 West Washington Street 
Room E-111 
Indiana Government Center South 
Indianapolis, IN 46204 
 
MARYLAND 
Corporation Service Company 
7 St. Paul Street, Suite 1660 
Baltimore, MD 21202 
 Or 
Maryland Securities Commissioner 
200 St. Paul Place 
Baltimore, MD 21202-2020 
 
MICHIGAN 
Corporation Service Company 
601 Abbot Road 
East Lansing, MI 48823 
 
MINNESOTA 
Corporation Service Company 
380 Jackson Street, Suite 700 
St. Paul, MN 55101 
 Or 
Commissioner of Commerce 
85 7th Place East, Suite 280 
Minneapolis, MN 55101-2198 
 
NEW YORK 
New York Department of State 
One Commerce Plaza 
99 Washington Avenue, 6th Floor 
Albany, NY 12231-0001 
518-473-2492 
 Or 
Secretary of State 
41 State Street 
Albany, NY 12231 
 
NORTH DAKOTA 
Corporation Service Company 
316 North 5th Street 
P.O. Box 1695 
Bismarck, ND 58202 
 Or 
Securities Commissioner 
North Dakota Securities Department 
600 East Boulevard Avenue 
State Capitol, Fifth Floor, Dept 414 
Bismarck, ND 58505 

 
RHODE ISLAND 
Director of Department of Business Regulation 
Securities Division 
Building 69, First Floor, John O. Pastore Center 
1511 Pontiac Avenue 
Cranston, Rhode Island 02920 
 
SOUTH DAKOTA 
Corporation Service Company 
503 South Pierre Street 
Pierre, SD 57501 
              And 
Division of Insurance 
Securities Regulation 
124 S. Euclid, Suite 104 
Pierre, South Dakota 57501 
 
VIRGINIA 
Bank of America Center, 16th Floor 
111 East Main Street 
Richmond, VA 23219 
 Or 
Clerk of the State Corporation Commission 
1300 E. Main Street, 1st Floor 
Richmond, VA 23219 
 
WASHINGTON 
Department of Financial Institutions 
150 Israel Rd SW 
Tumwater, WA98501 
 
WISCONSIN 
Corporation Service Company 
8040 Excelsior Drive 
Suite 400 
Madison, WI 53717 

REGULATORY AUTHORITIES 
 
CALIFORNIA 
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation 
1-866-275-2677 
 
 Los Angeles 
 320 West 4th Street, Suite 750 
 Los Angeles, CA 90013-2344 
 (213) 576-7500 
 
 Sacramento 
 2101 Arena Boulevard 
Sacramento, CA 95834  
(916) 445-7205 
 
 San Diego 
 1455 Frazee Road, Suite 315  
 San Diego, CA 92108  
 (619) 525-4233 
 
 San Francisco 
 One Sansome Street, Suite 600 
 San Francisco, CA 94104-4428 
 (415) 972-8565 
 
HAWAII 
 
Commissioner of Securities of the State of Hawaii 
Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs 
Business Registration / Securities Compliance 
335 Merchant Street, Room 203 
Honolulu, HI 96813 
(808) 586-2722 
 
ILLINOIS 
 
Illinois Attorney General 
500 South Second Street 
Springfield, IL 62706 
(217) 782-4465 
 
INDIANA 
 
Securities Commissioner 
Securities Division 
302 West Washington Street, Room E-111 
Indianapolis, IN 46204 
(317) 232-6681 
 
 
 
 
MARYLAND 
 
Office of the Attorney General 
Division of Securities 
200 St. Paul Place 
Baltimore, MD 21202-2020 
(410) 576-6360 
 
MICHIGAN 
 
Consumer Protection Division 
Attn: Antitrust and Franchise Unit 
G. Mennen Williams Building 
525 W. Ottawa Street 
Lansing, MI 48913 
(517) 373-7117 
 
MINNESOTA 
 
Commissioner of Commerce 
Minnesota Department of Commerce 
85 7
th Place East, Suite 280 
St. Paul, MN 55101 
651-539-1600 
 
NEW YORK 
 
NYS Department of Law 
Investor Protection Bureau 
28 Liberty Street, 21
st Floor 
New York, NY 10005 
212-416-8236 
 
 
NORTH DAKOTA 
 
 North Dakota Securities Department 
State of North Dakota 
State Capitol, 5
th Floor 
600 East Boulevard Avenue 
Bismarck, ND 58505-0510 
(701) 328-2910 
 
OREGON 
 
Division of Finance & Corp. Securities 
Department of Consumer & Business Services 
350 Winter Street NE 
Room 410 
Salem, OR 97301-3881 
(503) 378-4140 
 
 

 
RHODE ISLAND 
 
Department of Business Regulation 
Securities Division 
Building 69, First Floor, John O. Pastore Center 
1511 Pontiac Avenue 
Cranston, Rhode Island 02920 
(401) 462-9527 
 
SOUTH DAKOTA 
Division of Insurance 
Securities Regulation 
124 S. Euclid, Suite 104 
Pierre, SD 57501 
(605) 773-3563 
 
VIRGINIA 
State Corporation Commission 
Division of Securities & Retail Franchising 
1300 East Main Street, 9th Floor 
Richmond, VA 23219 
(804) 371-9051 
 
WASHINGTON 
Director of Securities Division 
Department of Financial Institutions 
150 Israel Road, SW 
Olympia, WA 98501 
(360) 902-8760 
 
WISCONSIN 
Commissioner of Securities 
Department of Financial Institutions 
Division of Securities 
4822 Madison Yards Way, North Tower 
Madison, WI 53705 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT C 
 

Table of Contents 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Page No. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42) 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
C7cIngn!idr," Balance Shccts 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
53 
54 
56 
2 
58 
59 
61 


Table of Contents 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
Opinion on the Financial Statements 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Choice Hotels International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 
31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the 
three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our 
opinion, the consolidated fmancial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2025 and 
2024, god the regiiiiti of itg opetatioug god eagli flows for egeh of the three yearg hi the period eiided Deeeiiiber 31, 2025, in eotifoithiry with U.S. 
generally accepted accounting principles. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's 
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by 
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 19, 2026 expressed an 
unqualified opinion thereon. 
Basis for Opinion 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's 
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect 
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included 
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing 
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the 
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as 
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Critical Audit Matters 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or 
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) 
involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing 
separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
Description of the 
Matter 
Accounting for Choice Privileges Loyalty Program 
The Company recognized $125.6 million in revenues from loyalty points redeemed, net of the cost of redemptions, and had a 
point liability and deferred revenue of $124.8 million and $114.9 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2025, associated 
with the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program. 
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, loyalty points earned represent a performance obligation 
attributable to usage of the points, and thus revenues are recognized at the point in time when the loyalty points are redeemed 
by members for benefits. The liability for the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program is developed based on an estimate of the 
eventual redemption rates on future redemption behavior using various actuarial methods and point values. The amount of 
the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program fees in excess of the point liability represents deferred revenue, which is recognized 
to revenue as points are redeemed including an estimate of future forfeitures. 
Auditing the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program results is complex due to: (1) the complexity of the models used and the 
high volume of data to monitor and account for Choice Privileges Loyalty Program results; and (2) the complexity of 
estimating the future redemption rate. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates requires 
a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, which includes the use of actuarial specialists. 
54 


Table of Contents 
How We Addressed 
the Matter in Our 
Audit 
Description of the 
Matter 
How We Addressed 
the Matter in Our 
Audit 
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's 
process of accounting for the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program during the year. For example, we tested controls over 
management's review of the assumptions and data inputs used in the accounting model and the actuarial methods used to 
estimate the ultimate redemption rate of Choice Privileges Loyalty Program points. 
To test the recognition of revenues and liabilities associated with the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program, we performed audit 
procedures that included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of the data and significant assumptions used 
in the models and assessing the accounting models developed by the Company to recognize the related revenue and the 
liabilities. For example, we tested significant inputs into the accounting models, including the amounts received and paid by 
the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program as well as the recognition of points earned and redeemed during the period. With the 
assistance of our actuarial specialists, we evaluated management's methodologies as well as the actuarial assumptions used 
in estimating the Choice Privileges Loyalty Program expected redemption rates. 
Choke Hotels Canada Acquisition 
On July 2, 2025, the Company completed its acquisition of the remaining 50% of the outstanding shares of Choice Hotels 
Canada, Inc. ("Choice Hotels Canada") for a purchase price of approximately $114.5 million, as disclosed in Note 17 to the 
consolidated financial statements. 
Auditing the Company's accounting for its acquisition was complex due to the estimation uncertainty in the Company's 
determination of the fair value of identified intangible assets, which consisted of franchise agreements and reacquired 
territory rights. The estimation uncertainty was primarily due to the sensitivity of the respective fair values to underlying 
significant assumptions. The Company used a discounted cash flow model to measure the franchise agreements and 
reacquired territory rights intangible assets. The significant assumptions used to estimate the value of these assets included 
discount rates and the forecasted cash flows. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by 
future economic and market conditions. 
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company's controls over 
the accounting for the acquisition. For example, we tested controls over management's review of the valuation models, the 
significant assumptions used to develop the estimates, and the completeness and accuracy of the data used in the valuations. 
To test the estimated fair value of the acquired intangible assets, including the franchise agreements and reacquired territory 
rights, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company's selection of the valuation 
methodologies and testing the significant assumptions, including the forecasted cash flows and the selected discount rates 
used by the Company's valuation specialist. Our procedures included evaluating the completeness and accuracy of the 
underlying data supporting the significant assumptions in management's estimates. We involved our valuation specialists to 
assist with our evaluation of the valuation methodologies used by the Company and significant assumptions included in the 
fair value estimates. For example, we compared the significant assumptions to the Company's historical performance, to the 
historical results of the acquired business, and to current industry, market, and economic trends. 
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 
Tysons, Virginia 
February 19, 2026 
55 


Table of Contents 
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) 
REVENUES 
Years Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
Franchise and management fees $ 673,197 $ 669,637 $ 652,060 
Partnership services and fees 113,789 99,491 91,790 
Owned hotels 121,373 113,459 97,641 
Other 72,230 64,060 55,097 
Revenue for reimbursable costs from franchised and managed properties 616,204 638,192 647,577 
Total revenues 1,596,793 1,584,839 1,544,165 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
Selling, general and dministrative 328,958 312,388 312,701 
Business combination, diligence and transition costs 4,701 17,233 55,778 
Depreciation and amortization 59,715 51,953 45,038 
Owned hotels 91,684 83,148 71,474 
Reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties 663,336 656,344 680,410 
Total operating expenses 1,148,394 1,121,066 1,165,401 
Impairment of long-lived assets - - (3,736) 
Operating income 448,399 463,773 375,028 
OTHER EXPENSES AND (INCOME), NET 
Interest expense 91,148 87,131 63,780 
Interest income (6,237) (8,646) (7,764) 
Gain from an acquisition of a joint venture (100,025) 
Gain on sale of assets (713) 
Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 331 (4,416) 
Other (gains) losses, net (6,989) 1,641 (10,649) 
Equity in net loss (gain) of affiliates 14,324 (12,329) (2,879) 
Total other expenses and (income), net (8,492) 68,128 38,072 
Income before income taxes 456,891 395,645 336,956 
Income tax expense 86,945 95,980 78,449 
Net income 369,946 $ 299,665 $ 258,507 
a' "sZ C 11 svissac Cal ULEIV pc. xnn.c v.i.v 
Diluted earnings per share 7.90 $ 6.20 $ 5.07 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
56 


Table of Contents 
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
(IN THOUSANDS) 
Years Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
Net income $ 369,946 $ 299,665 $ 258,507 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
Foreign currency translation adjustment 886 (522) (460) 
Chtier comprelremive iticame (lass), net of tax: 886 (522) (460) 
Comprehensive income 370,832 $ 299,143 $ 258,047 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
57 


Table of Contents 
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS) 
ASSETS 
Current assets 
December 31, 2025 
December 31, 
2024 
Cash and cash equivalents 44,997 $ 40,177 
Accounts receivables (net of allowance for credit losses of $51,189 and $45,610, respectively) 207,491 176,672 
Income taxes receivable 13,456 5,419 
Notes receivable (net of allowance for credit losses of $7,462 and $5,805, respectively) 94,686 75,501 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 45,368 41,317 
Total current assets 405,998 339,086 
Property and equipment, net 649,291 604,345 
Operating lease right-of-use assets 77,670 83,451 
Goodwill 305,758 220,187 
Intangible assets, net 1,082,486 884,013 
Notes receivable (net of allowance for credit losses of $1,019 and $1,526, respectively) 12,490 32,682 
Investments for employee benefit plans, at fair value 50,227 47,603 
Investments in affiliates 134,975 117,016 
Deferred income taxes 75,371 108,308 
Other assets 123,937 93,836 
Total assets 2,918,203 $ 2,530,527 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
Current liabilities 
Accounts payable 156,276 $ 134,865 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 125,282 136,729 
Deferred revenue 100,698 102,114 
Liability for guest loyalty program 85,035 89,013 
Total current liabilities 467,291 462,721 
Long-term debt 1,906,122 1,768,526 
Long-term deferred revenue 130,505 132,259 
Deferred compensation and retirement plan obligations 56,532 53,316 
Deferred income taxes 25,303 
Operating lease liabilities 107,963 113,255 
Liability for guest loyalty program 39,771 40,607 
Other liabilities 3,487 5,114 
Total liabilities 2,736,974 2,575,798 
Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 
Common stock, $0.01 par value; 160,000,000 shares authorized; 95,065,638 shares issued at December 31, 2025 and 
December 31, 2024; 45,996,087 and 46,856,567 shares outstanding at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, 
respectively 951 951 
Additional paid-in-capital 403,927 370,201 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (5,307) (6,193) 
Treasury stock, at cost; 49,069,551 and 48,209,071 shares at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively (2,536,373) (2,411,527) 
Retained earnings 2,318,031 2,001,297 
Total shareholders' equity (deficit) 181,229 (45,271) 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity (deficit) 2,918,203 $ 2,530,527 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
58 


Table of Contents 
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(IN THOUSANDS) 
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
Years Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
Net income S 369,946 $ 299,665 $ 258,507 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
Depreciation and amortization 59,715 51,953 45,038 
Depreciation and amortization — reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties 19,554 18,907 30,697 
Franchise agreement acquisition cost amortization 31,966 28,702 20,024 
Gain from an acquisition of a joint venture (100,025) 
Gain on sale of assets (713) 
Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 331 (4,416) 
Loss on impairment of long-lived assets 3,736 
Non-cash share-based compensation and other charges 38,254 43,250 46,809 
Non-cash interest, investments, and affiliate income, net (6,439) (7,282) (8,747) 
Deferred income taxes 19,764 (19,028) (1,336) 
Equity in net loss (gain) of affiliates, less distributions received 19,848 (2,327) (1,570) 
Franchise agreement acquisition costs, net of reimbursements (83,444) (112,164) (98,316) 
Change in working capital and other (97,979) 17,396 6,128 
Net cash provided by operating activities 270,447 319,403 296,554 
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
Investments in other property and equipment (38,924) (39,102) (47,717) 
Investments in owned hotel properties (106,871) (106,750) (68,560) 
Contributions to investments in affiliates (93,675) (52,768) (38,930) 
Issuances of notes receivable (6,885) (37,994) (4,323) 
Collections of notes receivable 7,373 32,100 10,852 
Business acquisition, net of cash acquired (73,395) - -
Proceeds from the sale of assets 52,000 - -
Purchases of equity securities - - (112,420) 
Proceeds from sales of equity securities - 108,149 -
Distributions from sales of affiliates 44,617 15,850 868 
Other items, net (2,504) (4,056) (5,396) 
Net cash used in investing activities (218,264) (84,571) (265,626) 
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
Net borrowings (repayments) pursuant to revolving credit facilities 132,982 111,500 (131,500) 
Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt 593,574 500,000 
Proceeds from economic development loans 1,850 
Repayment of long-term debt (500,000) 
Debt issuance costs (8,069) (1,553) 
Purchases of treasury stock (138,304) (380,743) (362,772) 
Dividends paid (53,472) (55,497) (56,457) 
Pror, ms from the exercise of stock options 6,841 17,525 6,345 
Net cash used in financing activities (50,103) (221,710) (45,937) 
Net change In cash and cash equivalents 2,080 13,122 (15,009) 
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 2,740 301 197 
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 40,177 26,754 41,566 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period S 44,997 $ 40,177 $ 26,754 
59 


Table of Contents 
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 
Cash payments during the year for 
Years Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
Federal income taxes, net of refunds and transferable tax credits S 65,295 $ 85,880 $ 71,161 
State income taxes, net of refunds (I) S 14,325 $ 18,237 $ 20,771 
Foreign income taxes, net of refunds 0) S 5,088 $ 4,056 $ 2,410 
Interest, net of capitalized interest S 90,310 $ 67,176 $ 60,773 
Non-cash investing and financing activities 
Dividends declared but not paid 
Investments M property, equipment, and intangible assets recognized in accounts payable and accrued 
expense liabilities 
S 
S 
13,218 
18,273 
$ 13,471 
$ 23,284 
$ 14,902 
$ 10,291 
(1) In 2025, 2024, and 2023, there were no individual jurisdictions for which the cash income taxes paid equaled or exceeded 5% of the total cash income taxes paid. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
60 


Table of Contents 
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
(IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS) 
Common 
Stock - 
Shares 
Outstanding 
Common 
Stock - 
Par 
Value 
Additional 
Paid-in- 
Capital 
Accumulated Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Loss)f~1
Treasury 
Stock 
Retained 
Earnings Total 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 52,200,903 $ 951 $ 298,053 (5,211) $ (1,694,857) $ 1,555,724 S 154,660 
Net income 258,507 258,507 
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax (460) (460) 
Share-based payment activity (1) 366,121 32,697 13,889 46,586 
Dividends declared ($1.15 per share) (57,872) (57,872) 
Treasury purchases (3,040,779) (365,823) (365,823) 
Balance as of December 31, 2023 49,526,245 $ 951 $ 330,750 $ (5,671) $ (2,046,791) $ 1,756,359 $ 35,598 
Net income 299,665 299,665 
Other comprehensive loss, net of tax (522) (522) 
Share-based payment activity 0) 437,268 39,451 13,659 53,110 
Dividends declared ($1.15 per share) (54,727) (54,727) 
Treasury purchases (3,106,946) (378,395) (378,395) 
Balance as of December 31, 2024 46,856,567 $ 951 $ 370,201 $ (6,193) $ (2,411,527) $ 2,001,297 $ (45,271) 
Net income 369,946 369,946 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 886 886 
Share-based payment activity 0) 231,270 33,726 10,711 44,437 
Dividends declared (S1.15 per share) (53,212) (53,212) 
Treasury purchases (1,091,750) (135,557) (135,557) 
Balance as of December 31, 2025 45,996,087 S 951 S 403,927 S (5,307) S (2,536,373) S 2,318,031 S 181,229 
(')During certain periods presented, accumulated dividends were paid to certain shareholders upon vesting of their PVRSUs, which are presented in Share-based payment activity. 
(2) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) relates entirely to foreign currency items. There were no amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
61 


Table of Contents 
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
1. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
Basis ofPresentation 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of Choice Hotels International, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, "Choice" or the "Company") 
have been prepared by the Company in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") pursuant 
to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). All significant intercompany accounts and transactions between the 
Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. 
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect 
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial 
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In the 
opinion of management, the accompanying consolidated fmancial statements include all adjustments that are necessary to fairly present the Company's 
financial position and results of operations. Except as otherwise disclosed, all adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. 
Certain prior year amounts in our consolidated financial statements have been reclassified in order to maintain comparability with the current year 
presentation. The reclassifications were not as a result of any error in our consolidated financial statements. 
The Company reclassified certain prior year amounts in the consolidated statements of income in order to maintain comparability with the current year 
presentation. 
Royalty, licensing and management fees were revised to franchise and management fees in the consolidated statements of income, and now 
include the revenues previously presented in royalty, licensing and management fees, with the exception of partnership licensing revenues 
which are now presented in partnership services and fees in the consolidated statements of income, and the addition of the revenues generated 
from programs, platforms, and services associated with the Company's franchise operations which were previously presented in other 
revenues from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
• Initial franchise fees, which were previously presented as a standalone financial statement line item, are now presented within franchise and 
management fees in the consolidated statements of income. 
• Platform and procurement services fees were revised to partnership services and fees in the consolidated statements of income, and now 
include the revenues previously presented in platform and procurement services fees, with the exception of the revenues from the Company's 
annual franchisee convention which are now presented in other revenues, the addition of partnership licensing revenues which were 
previously presented in royalty, licensing and management fees, and the addition of the revenues generated from other non-franchising 
agreements which are primarily software as a service ("SaaS") arrangements for non-franchised hoteliers which were previously presented in 
other revenues in the consolidated statements of income. 
• Other revenues from franchised and managed properties were revised to revenue for reimbursable costs from franchised and managed 
properties in the consolidated statements of income, and now include the revenues previously presented in other revenues from franchised and 
managed properties, with the exception of the revenues generated from programs, platforms, and services associated with the Company's 
franchise operations which are now presented in franchise and management fees in the consolidated statements of income. 
• Selling, general and administrative expenses were revised to include the expenses incurred related to programs, platforms, and services 
associated with the company's franchise operations, which were previously presented in other expenses from franchised and managed 
properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
• Depreciation and amortization was revised to include amortization expense from information technology platforms, which was previously 
presented in other expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
• Other expenses from franchised and managed properties were revised to reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties in 
the consolidated statements of income, and now include the expenses previously presented in other expenses from franchised and managed 
properties, with the exception of the expenses incurred from programs, platforms, and services associated with the Company's franchise 
operations which are now presented in selling, general and administrative expenses, and amortization expense from information technology 
platforms which is now presented in depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of income. 
The reclassifications had no effect on the Company's previously reported total revenues, total operating expenses, operating income, or net income. 
62 


Table of Contents 
The following table presents the effect of the reclassifications on the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 consolidated statements 
of income. 
REVENUES 
Year Ended Year Ended 
December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 
As previously 
reported Reclassification As reclassified 
As previously 
reported Reclassification As reclassified 
Franchise and management fees $ 514,569 $ 155,068 $ 669,637 $ 513,412 $ 138,648 $ 652,060 
imuai francliigo lees 25,606 (25,606) 27,7s7 (27,787) 
Partnership services and fees 75,752 23,739 99,491 75,114 16,676 91,790 
Owned hotels 113,459 113,459 97,641 97,641 
Other 61,803 2,257 64,060 46,051 9,046 55,097 
Revenue for reimbursable costs 
from franchised and managed 
properties 793,650 (155,458) 638,192 784,160 (136,583) 647,577 
Total revenues 1,584,839 1,584,839 1,544,165 1,544,165 
OPERATING EXPENSES 
Selling, general and 
administrative 219,878 92,510 312,388 216,081 96,620 312,701 
Business combination, diligence 
and transition costs 17,233 - 17,233 55,778 55,778 
Depreciation and amortization 43,282 8,671 51,953 39,659 5,379 45,038 
Owned hotels 83,148 - 83,148 71,474 71,474 
Reimbursable expenses from 
franchised and managed 
properties 757,525 (101,181) 656,344 782,409 (101,999) 680,410 
Total operating expenses 1,121,066 1,121,066 1,165,401 1,165,401 
Impairment of long-lived assets (3,736) (3,736) 
Operating income $ 463,773 $ - $ 463,773 $ 375,028 $ $ 375,028 
The Company also reclassified certain prior year amounts in the consolidated statements of cash flows in order to maintain comparability with the 
current year presentation. Depreciation and amortization was revised to include amortization expense from information technology platforms, which 
was previously presented in depreciation and amortization - other expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of 
cash flows. Depreciation and amortization - other expenses from franchised and managed properties was revised to depreciation and amortization -
reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Federal income taxes, net of refunds and 
transferable tax credits, state income taxes, net of refunds, and foreign income taxes, net of refunds, which were previously presented in income taxes, 
net of refunds, are now presented within standalone financial statement line items in the consolidated statements of cash flows. The reclassifications 
had no effect on the Company's previously reported net cash provided by operating activities, the net cash used in investing activities, or the net 
change in cash and cash equivalents. 
Revenue Recognition 
Franchise Agreements 
The Company's revenues are primarily derived from franchise agreements with third-party hotel owners. The majority of the Company's performance 
obligations are a series of distinct services, which are described in more detail below, for which the Company receives variable consideration through 
franchise fees. The Company enters into franchise agreements to provide franchisees with a limited non-exclusive license to utilize the Company's 
registered brand tradenames and trademarks, marketing and reservation services, and other miscellaneous franchise services. These agreements 
typically have an initial term of 10 to 30 years with provisions permitting the franchisees or the Company to terminate the franchise agreement upon 
designated anniversaries of the hotel opening before the end of the initial term. An up-front initial franchise fee is assessed to the third-party hotel 
owners to affiliate with our brands, which is typically paid prior to the execution of the franchise agreement and is non-refundable. After hotel 
opening, franchise fees are typically generated based on a percentage of gross room revenues 
63 


Table of Contents 
or as designated transactions and events occur (such as when a reservation is delivered to the hotel through a specified channel) and arc invoiced by 
the Company in the following month. 
The franchise agreements are comprised of multiple performance obligations, which may require significant judgment in identifying. The primary 
performance obligations are as follows: 
License of brand intellectual property and related services ("brand intellectual property") - Grants the right to access the Company's 
intellectual property associated with the brand tradenames, trademarks, reservation systems, property management systems, and related 
services. 
Material rights for free or discounted goods or services to hotel guests - Primarily consists of the points issued under the Company's guest 
loyalty program, Choice Privileges. 
License of Brand Intellectual Property and Related Services 
The fees generated from brand intellectual property are recognized to revenue over time as the hotel owners pay for access to these services for the 
duration of the franchise agreement. The franchise fees are typically based on the sales or usage of the underlying hotel (i.e., after the completion of a 
hotel stay), with the exception of fixed up-front fees that usually represent an insignificant portion of the transaction price. The variable transaction 
price is determined for the period when the underlying gross room revenues and the transactions or events which generate fees are known. 
Franchise fees include the following: 
Royalty fees - Royalty fees arc earned in exchange for a license to brand intellectual property typically based on a percentage of gross room 
revenues. The royalty fees are billed and collected monthly and the revenues are recognized in the same period that the underlying gross room 
revenues are earned by the Company's franchisees. The royalty fees arc presented within franchise and management fees in the consolidated 
statements of income. 
Initial fr anchise fees - Initial franchise fees are charged when (i) new hotels enter the franchise system, (ii) there is a change of ownership, or 
(iii) the existing franchise agreements are extended. The initial franchise fees are recognized as revenue ratably as the services are provided 
over the enforceable period of the franchise agreement, unless the franchise agreement is terminated and the hotel exits the franchise system 
whereby the remaining deferred amounts are recognized to revenue in the period of termination. The enforceable period is the period from the 
hotel's opening to the first point the franchisee or the Company can terminate the franchise agreement without incurring a significant penalty. 
The initial franchise fees are presented within franchise and management fees in the consolidated statements of income. 
System implementation fees - System implementation fees charged to the franchisees are deferred and recognized as revenue over the 
enforceable period of the franchise agreement. The system implementation fees charged to the franchisees are primarily presented within 
franchise and management fees in the consolidated statements of income. 
Other fees - Other fees are a combination of miscellaneous non-marketing and reservation fees, which includes quality assurance, non-
compliance, and franchisee training fees. Other fees are recognized in the period that the designated transaction or event has occurred. Other 
fees are presented within franchise and management fees and other revenues in the consolidated statements of income. 
The Company's franchise agreements require the payment of marketing and reservation fees. The Company is obligated to use these marketing and 
reservation fees to provide marketing and reservation services, such as marketing, media, advertising, access to centralized reservation systems, and 
certain franchise services to support the operation of the overall franchise system. The marketing and reservation fees are presented within revenue for 
reimbursable costs from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. These services are comprised of multiple fees 
including the following: 
Fees based on a percentage of gross room revenues are recognized in the period the gross room revenue was earned, based on the underlying 
hotel's sales or usage. 
Fees based on the occurrence of a designated transaction or event are recognized in the period the transaction or event occurred. 
Marketing and reservation system activities also include revenues generated from the Company's guest loyalty programs. The revenue 
recognition of these programs is discussed in the Material rights for free or discounted goods or services to hotel guests section below. 
Marketing and reservation expenses are the expenses that are incurred to facilitate the delivery of the marketing and reservation services, including 
direct expenses and an allocation of costs for certain administrative activities that are required to carry out 
64 


Table of Contents 
marketing and reservation services. Marketing and reservation expenses are recognized when the services are incurred or the goods are received within 
reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. As a result, the marketing and reservation 
expenses may not equal the marketing and reservation revenues in a specific period but are expected to equal the revenues earned from the franchisees 
over time. The Company's franchise agreements provide the Company the right to advance monies to the franchise system when the needs of the 
franchisor system surpass the balances currently available. The Company has the right to recover such advances in future periods through additional 
fee assessments or reduced spending. 
Material Rights for Free or Discounted Goods or Services to Hotel Guests 
Choice Privileges is the Company's guest loyalty prooram, which enable members to earn points based on their spcnding levels with the Company's 
franchisees or certain vendors (refer to the Partnership Agreements section below). The points, which the Company accumulates and tracks on the 
members' behalf, may be redeemed for free accommodations or other benefits (e.g. gift cards to participating retailers). The Company collects from 
the franchisees a percentage of the loyalty program members' gross room revenue from completed stays to operate the programs. At such time the 
points are redeemed for free accommodations or other benefits, the Company reimburses the franchisees or third parties based on a rate derived in 
accordance with the franchise or vendor agreement. 
The loyalty points represent a performance obligation attributable to the usage of the points, and thus the revenues are recognized at the point in time 
when the loyalty points are redeemed by the members for benefits (with both franchisees and third-party partners), net of the cost of redemptions. For 
the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the loyalty net revenues, inclusive of adjustments to the estimated redemption rates, were $125.6 
million, $123.2 million, and $93.1 million, respectively. The transaction price is variable and determined in the period when the loyalty points are 
earned and the underlying gross room revenues are known. No loyalty program revenues are recognized at the time the loyalty points are issued. 
The Company is an agent in coordinating the delivery of the services between the loyalty program member and the franchisee or third party, and as a 
result, the revenues are recognized net of the cost of redemptions. The estimated value of the future redemptions is reflected in the current and non-
current liability for guest loyalty program in the consolidated balance sheets. The liability for the guest loyalty program is developed based on an 
estimate of the eventual redemption rates and point values using various actuarial methods. These significant judgments determine the required point 
liability attributable to the outstanding points, which is relieved as the redemption costs are processed. The amount of the loyalty program fees in 
excess of the guest loyalty program point liability represents current and non-current deferred revenue, which is recognized to revenue as the points are 
redeemed including an estimate of the future forfeitures ("breakage"). The anticipated redemption pattern of the points is the basis for the current and 
non-current designation of each liability. As of December 31, 2025, the current and non-current deferred revenue balances were $78.2 million and 
$36.7 million, respectively. The loyalty points are typically redeemed within three years of issuance. The loyalty program point redemption revenues 
are presented within revenue for reimbursable costs from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
Partnership Agreements 
The Company is a party to various agreements with third-party partners, including the co-branding of the Choice Privileges credit card. The 
agreements typically provide for use of the Company's marks, limited access to the Company's distribution channels, and the sale of Choice Privileges 
loyalty points, in exchange for fees primarily comprising variable consideration that is paid each month. Loyalty members can earn points through 
participation in the partner's program. 
The partnership agreements include multiple performance obligations. The primary performance obligations are for the brand intellectual property and 
material rights for free or discounted goods or services to hotel gilects. The allocation of the fixed and variable consideration to the performance 
obligations is based on the standalone selling price, which is estimated based on the market and income methods, which contain significant judgments. 
The amounts allocated to the brand intellectual property are recognized on a gross basis over time using the output measure of the time elapsed and 
presented within partnership services and fees in the consolidated statements of income. The amounts allocated to the material rights for free or 
discounted goods or services to hotel guests are recognized to revenue as the points are redeemed including an estimate of the breakage and presented 
within revenue for reimbursable costs from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
Qualified Vendors 
The Company generates revenue from qualified vendors. The qualified vendor revenue is generally based on the marketing services provided by the 
Company on behalf of, and the access provided to, the qualified vendors to the hotel owners and guests. The Company provides these services in 
exchange for either fixed consideration or a percentage of the revenues earned by the qualified vendor pertaining to purchases by the Company's 
franchisees or guests. The fixed consideration is paid in 
65 


Table of Contents 
installments based on a contractual schedule, with an initial payment typically due at contract execution. The variable consideration is typically paid 
quarterly after the sales to the franchisees or guests have occurred. 
The qualified vendor agreements comprise a single performance obligation, which is satisfied over time based on the access afforded, and the services 
provided, to the qualified vendor for the stated duration of the agreement. The fixed consideration is allocated and recognized ratably to each period 
over the term of the agreement. The variable consideration is determined and recognized in the period when the vendors' sales to the franchisees or 
guests are known or the cash payment has been remitted. The qualified vendor revenues arc presented within partnership services and fees in the 
consolidated statements of income. 
Rang A rranczprnentv 
The Company is a party to other non-franchising agreements that generate revenue, which arc primarily SaaS arrangements for non-franchised 
hoteliers, and is presented within partnership services and fees in the consolidated statements of income. SaaS agreements typically include fixed 
consideration for installment and other initiation fees that are paid at the beginning of the contract, and variable consideration for recurring 
subscription revenue that is typically paid on a monthly basis. SaaS agreements comprise a single performance obligation, which is satisfied over time 
based on the access to the software for the stated duration of the agreement. The fixed consideration is allocated and recognized ratably to each period 
over the term of the agreement. The variable consideration is determined at the conclusion of each period, and allocated to and recognized in the 
current period. 
Managed Hotels 
The Company manages 13 hotels (inclusive of four owned hotels). The management agreements provide for the use of the Company's marks and hotel 
management services, which include providing day-to-day management services in the operation of the hotels for the hotel owners. The fees generated 
from the management agreements are recognized to revenue over time as the hotel owners pay for access to these services for the duration of the 
management agreement, and include base and incentive management fees. Base management fees arc generally based on a percentage of the hotel's 
monthly gross revenue and are invoiced and collected monthly. Incentive management fees are generally based on a percentage of the hotel's operating 
profits and are invoiced on an annual basis. Base and incentive management fee revenues are presented within franchise and management fees in the 
consolidated statements of income. 
The Company's management agreements include amounts that are contractually reimbursed to the Company by the hotel owners, either directly or 
indirectly, relating to certain costs and expenses that are paid by the Company in support of the operations of these hotel properties. The 
reimbursements include payroll costs and certain other operating costs of the managed properties' operations, which are reimbursed to the Company by 
the hotel owners as the expenses arc incurred. The revenue related to these direct reimbursements is recognized based on the amount of the expenses 
incurred by the Company, which are presented within reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of 
income. The hotel owner typically reimburses the Company on a monthly basis, which results in no net effect to operating income or net income. The 
revenues related to marketing and reservations arc recognized over time and arc intended to reimburse the Company, indirectly, for the expenses 
incurred in performing the marketing and reservation services. These managed revenues are presented within revenue for reimbursable costs from 
franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
Owned Hotels 
The Company owned 17 hotels, 12 hotels, and 10 hotels as of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, from which the Company generates 
revenues. As a hotel owner, the Company has performance obligations to provide accommodations to hotel guests and in return, the Company earns a 
nightly fee for an agreed upon period that is generally payable at the time the hotel guest checks out of the hotel. The Company typically satisfies the 
performance obligations over the length of the stay and recognizes the revenue on a daily basis, as the hotel rooms arc occupied and the services are 
rendered. 
Other ancillary goods and services at the owned hotels are purchased independently of the hotel stay at the standalone selling prices and are considered 
separate performance obligations, which are satisfied at the point in time when the related good or service is provided to the guest. These primarily 
consist of food and beverage, incidentals, and parking fees. The hotel room night and other ancillary goods and services revenues are presented within 
owned hotels revenue in the consolidated statements of income. 
Sales Taxes 
The Company presents the taxes collected from customers and then remitted to governmental authorities on a net basis and, therefore, the taxes are 
excluded from revenues in the consolidated financial statements. 
66 


Table of Contents 
Business Combination, Diligence and Transition Costs 
The Company incurs costs during the review of potential business combinations, including legal fees, financial advisory, and other professional service 
fees. If the Company is successful in completing a business combination, then the Company may incur transition and integration costs, including 
professional service fees, technology costs, and employee-related costs such as bonuses, retention, and severance. The business combination, diligence 
and transition costs are expensed as incurred in the consolidated statements of income. 
Notes & Accounts Receivable and Allowances for Credit Losses 
The Company provides financing in the form of notes receivable loans to franchisees to support the development or conversion of properties in 
strategic markets. 
The Company accrues interest for notes receivable loans in accordance with loan provisions. The Company considers notes receivable loans past due 
and in default when payments are not made when due in accordance with the then-current loan provisions or the terms extended to the borrowers, 
including loans with concessions or interest deferral. The Company suspends the accrual of interest when payments on loans are more than 30 days 
past due or upon a loan being classified as collateral-dependent. The Company applies the payments received for loans on a non-accrual status first to 
interest and then to principal. The Company does not resume an interest accrual until all delinquent payments are received based on the then-current 
loan provisions. 
The Company has developed a systematic methodology to determine its allowance for credit losses across our portfolio of notes receivable loans. The 
Company monitors the risk and performance of our portfolio by the level of security in the collateral (i.e., senior, subordinated, or unsecured), which is 
the Company's credit quality indicator. As each of the Company's notes receivable loans has unique risk characteristics, the Company deploys its 
methodology to calculate allowances for credit losses at the individual notes receivable loan level. 
The Company primarily utilizes a discounted cash flow ("DCF") technique to measure the credit allowance, influenced by the key economic variables 
of each note receivable loan. The Company identified the key economic variables for these loans to be the loan-to-cost ("LTC") or loan-to-value 
("LTV") ratios and a debt service coverage ratio ("DSCR"). The LTC or LTV ratio represents the loan principal relative to the project cost or value and 
is an indication of the loan principal's ability to be re-paid at loan maturity. The DSCR represents property-specific net operating income as a 
percentage of the interest and principal payments incurred (i.e., debt service) on all debt of the borrower for the property and is an indication of the 
borrower's ability to make timely payments during the term of the loan. The LTC or LTV ratios and DSCR are considered during the loan underwriting 
process as indications of risk and, accordingly, we believe these factors are the most representative risk indicators for calculating the allowance for 
credit loss. Loans with higher LTC or LTV ratios and lower DSCR ratios generally are representative of loans with greater risk and, accordingly, have 
higher credit allowances as a percentage of loan principal. Conversely, loans with lower LTC or LTV ratios and higher DSCR ratios generally are 
representative of loans with lesser risk and, accordingly, have lower credit allowances as a percentage of loan principal. In preparing or updating a 
DCF model to measure the credit allowance, the Company develops various recovery scenarios and, based on the key economic variables, the present 
status of the loan, and the underlying collateral, applies a probability-weighting to the outputs of the scenarios. 
Collateral-dependent financial assets are financial assets for which repayment is expected to be derived substantially through the operation or sale of 
the collateral and when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. For collateral-dependent loans, the expected credit losses are based on the fair 
value of the collateral, less the selling costs if repayment will be from the sale of the collateral. The Company calculates the fair value of the collateral 
using a DCF technique to project the cash flows or a market approach via quoted market prices. In developing the cash flow projections, the Company 
will review the borrower's financial statements for the property, economic trends, industry projections for the market where the property is located, and 
comparable sales capitalization rates. 
Management assesses the credit quality of the notes receivable portfolio and the adequacy of the credit loss allowances on a quarterly basis and 
recognizes the provisions for credit losses in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Significant 
judgment is required in this analysis. 
Accounts receivable consists primarily of the franchise and related fees due from the hotel franchisees and are recorded at the invoiced amount. The 
allowance for credit losses is the Company's best estimate of the amount of expected credit losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance. The 
Company determines the allowance considering its historical write-off experience, a review of the aged receivable balances and customer payment 
trends, the economic environment, and other available evidence. The Company presents the provisions for credit losses on accounts receivable in 
selling, general and administrative expenses and reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of 
income. 
67 


Table of Contents 
When the Company determines that a trade or note receivable is not collectible, then the account is written-off to the associated allowance for credit 
losses. 
Refer to Note 3 for more information on the receivables and the allowances for credit losses. 
Advertising Costs 
The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expense was $207.8 million, $194.6 million, and $195.2 million for the years ended 
December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The Company presents advertising costs primarily in reimbursable expenses from franchised and 
managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The 
Company maintains cash balances at U.S. banks, which at times may exceed the limits of the amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation. In addition, the Company also maintains cash balances at international banks which do not provide deposit insurance. 
Capitalization Policies 
Property and equipment are generally recorded at cost and depreciated for financial reporting purposes using the straight-line method over the 
estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. 
Major renovations and replacements incurred during construction are capitalized. The costs for computer software developed for internal use are 
capitalized during the application development stage and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the software. The 
capitalized software licenses pertaining to cloud computing arrangements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the cloud 
computing arrangement term or the estimated useful lives of the software. The Company capitalizes the interest incurred during the construction and 
development of property and equipment, including software. The total interest capitalized as a cost of property and equipment was $8.1 million and 
S9.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. 
As construction in progress and software development are completed and then placed in service, the assets are transferred to the appropriate property 
and equipment categories and depreciation and amortization begins. Upon the sale or the retirement of the property, the cost and the related 
accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the accounts and any related gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of income. Repairs 
and maintenance, and minor replacements, are charged to expense as incurred. 
The Company has made certain acquisitions of hotel assets, which are recognized at the fair value of the consideration exchanged. The Company 
acquires land parcels with the intention to develop hotels, which are recognized at cost within property and equipment, net in the consolidated balance 
sheets. If the Company determines that it will not progress to active construction and development of a land parcel, then the land parcel is reclassified 
to other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
The table below summarizes the estimated useful lives for the respective assets for depreciation and amortization purposes: 
Computer equipment and software 
Buildings and leasehold improvements 
Furniture, fi xtures, vehicles and equipment 
2 - 7 years 
10 - 40 years 
- 111 years 
Assets Held for Sale 
The Company considers assets to be held for sale when all of the following criteria arc met: 
• Management commits to a plan to sell an asset; 
• It is unlikely that the disposal plan will be significantly modified or discontinued; 
• The asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition; 
• Actions required to complete the sale of the asset have been initiated; 
• The sale of the asset is probable and the Company expects the completed sale will occur within one year; and 
• The asset is actively being marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable given its current market value. 
Upon designation as an asset held for sale, the Company recognizes the carrying value of each asset as a component of other current assets at the lower 
of its carrying value or its estimated fair value, less the estimated costs to sell, and immediately ceases the recognition of depreciation or amortization 
expense on the asset. 
68 


Table of Contents 
If, at any time, these criteria are no longer met, subject to certain exceptions, then the assets previously classified as held for sale are reclassified as 
held and used and measured individually at the lower of (a) the carrying amount before the asset was classified as held for sale, adjusted for any 
depreciation or amortization expense that would have been recognized had the asset been continuously classified as held and used, or (b) the fair value 
at the date of the subsequent decision not to sell. 
Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill, and Intangible Assets 
The Company groups its long-lived assets, including property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets (e.g., franchise rights and franchise 
agreement acquisition costs), at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and 
li abilities. The Company evaluates the potential impairment of its long-lived asset groups annually as of October 1st or earlier when other 
circumstances indicate that the Company may not be able to recover the carrying value of the asset group. During the year ended December 31, 2025, 
the Company changed its annual impairment assessment date from December 31st to October 1st. When indicators of impairment are present, then the 
recoverability is assessed based on undiscounted expected cash flows. If the undiscounted expected cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the 
asset group, then an impairment charge is measured and recognized, as applicable, for the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset 
group. The fair value of the long-lived asset groups are estimated primarily using discounted cash flow analyses representing the highest and best use 
by an independent market participant. Significant management judgment is involved in evaluating any indicators of impairment and developing any 
required projections to test for the recoverability or the estimated fair value. 
The Company did not identify any indicators of impairment of long-lived assets from the Hotel Franchising reporting unit during the years ended 
December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, other than impairments on franchise sales commission assets and franchise agreement acquisition cost intangible 
assets, which are presented within selling, general and administrative expenses and reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties in 
the consolidated statements of income. Refer to Note 2 for additional information. 
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized an impairment loss on the long-lived assets associated with the legacy Radisson 
corporate office lease. Refer to Note 5 for additional information. 
The Company evaluates the impairment of goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives annually as of October 1st or earlier upon the 
occurrence of substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization 
that indicate that the Company may not be able to recover the carrying amount of the asset. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company 
changed its annual impairment assessment date from December 31st to October 1st. In evaluating these assets for impairment, the Company may elect 
to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit or the indefinite-lived intangible 
asset is less than its carrying amount. If the conclusion is that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying value, 
then no further testing is required. If the conclusion is that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying value, then a 
quantitative impairment test is performed whereby the carrying value is compared to the fair value of the asset and an impairment charge is 
recognized, as applicable, for the excess of the carrying value over the fair value. The Company may elect to forgo the qualitative assessment and 
move directly to the quantitative impairment tests for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. The Company determines the fair value of its 
reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets using the income and market methods. 
Goodwill is allocated to the Company's reporting units. The Company's reporting units are determined primarily by the availability of discrete 
financial information relied upon by the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") to assess performance and make operating segment resource 
allocation decisions. As of December 31, 2025, the Company's goodwill is allocated solely to the Hotel Franchising reporting unit. The Company 
norfnionorl tha noalitothro ironairrnootar.ohmic fro. +ha T-Inteal Franntaiciner nannr+ino unit nnonlorlion that it is 11 .1Ctra lanai. than not that Oho fair +mina n4' 
the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. As such, a quantitative test was not required and no impairment was recorded. 
Variable Interest Entities 
In accordance with the guidance for the consolidation of variable interest entities ("VIE"), the Company identifies its variable interests and analyzes to 
determine if the entity in which the Company has a variable interest is a VIE. The Company's variable interests include equity investments, loans, and 
guaranties. The determination of whether a variable interest is a VIE includes both quantitative and qualitative considerations. For those entities 
determined to be VIES, a further quantitative and qualitative analysis is performed to determine if the Company is deemed to be the primary 
beneficiary. The primary beneficiary is the party who has the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impacts the entity's 
economic performance and who has an obligation to absorb the losses of the entity or a right to receive the benefits from the entity that could 
potentially be significant. The Company consolidates those entities in which it is determined to be the primary beneficiary. As of December 31, 2025, 
the Company is not the primary beneficiary of any VIE. The Company's qualitative analysis is based on its review of 
69 


Table of Contents 
the design of the entity, the organizational structure including its decision-making ability, and the relevant development, operating management, and 
financial agreements. 
The investments in unconsolidated affiliates where the Company is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary but where the Company exercises 
significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 
Investments in Affiliates 
The Company evaluates an investment in an affiliate for impairment when circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, such 
as a loan default, significant under-performance relative to historical or projected operating performance, and/or significant negative industry, market, 
or economic trends. When there is an indication that a loss in value has occurred, the Company evaluates the carrying value compared to the estimated 
fair value of the investment. The fair value is based upon internally -developed discounted cash flow models, third-party appraisals, or current 
estimated net sales proceeds from pending offers. There are judgments and assumptions in each of these fair value determinations, including our 
selection of comparable market transactions, the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, long-term growth rates, and sales capitalization 
rates. These nonrecurring fair value measurements are classified as level three in the fair value measurement hierarchy, as the Company utilizes 
unobservable inputs which are significant to the overall fair value. If the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value, then management uses its 
judgment to determine if the decline in value is other-than-temporary. In determining this, the Company considers factors including, but not limited to, 
the length of time and extent of the decline, loss of value as a percentage of the cost, financial condition, near-term financial projections, the 
Company's intent and ability to recover the lost value, and current economic conditions. For declines in value that are deemed to be other-than-
temporary, then the impairment charge is recognized to earnings. 
Investments in Equity Securities 
The Company's investments in equity securities are recognized at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, and the unrealized gains and losses on 
the investments in equity securities arc recognized as other (gains) losses, net in the consolidated statements of income. The realized gains and losses 
on the investments in equity securities are recognized upon the disposition of the equity securities using the specific identification method as other 
(gains) losses, net in the consolidated statements of income. 
Foreign Operations 
The U.S. dollar is the functional currency of the consolidated entities operating in the U.S. The functional currency for the consolidated entities 
operating outside of the U.S. is generally the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity primarily generates and expends cash. 
The Company translates the financial statements of the consolidated entities whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar into U.S. dollars. The 
Company translates the assets and liabilities at the exchange rate in effect as of the financial statement date, and translates income statement accounts 
using the approximate weighted average exchange rate for the period. The Company includes translation adjustments from foreign exchange and the 
effect of exchange rate changes on intercompany transactions of a long-term investment nature as a separate component of shareholders' equity 
(deficit). The Company presents foreign currency transaction gains and losses, and the effect of intercompany transactions of a short-term or trading 
nature, within other (gains) losses, net in the consolidated statements of income. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the foreign currency 
transaction losses were $0.1 million. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the foreign currency transaction gains were $2.1 million and 
S0.5 million, respectively. 
Share -Based Compensation 
The Company has stock compensation plans pursuant to which it is authorized to grant share -based awards, including restricted stock, stock options, 
stock appreciation rights, and performance -based share awards, to officers, key employees, and non-employee directors with contractual terms that are 
set by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors. 
Stock Options - The Company recognizes compensation expense related to the fair value of these awards on a straight-line basis over the 
requisite service period for the share-based awards that ultimately vest. The fair value of the stock options is estimated on the grant date using the 
Black-Scholes options-pricing model. 
Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs') - The Company recognizes compensation expense related to the fair value of the restricted stock awards on a 
straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the restricted stock awards that ultimately vest. The fair value of the grants is measured by the 
market price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. The restricted stock awards generally vest ratably over the service period beginning 
on the first anniversary of the grant date. The 
70 


Table of Contents 
restricted stock awards granted to retirement eligible non-employee directors are recognized over the shorter of the requisite service period or the 
length of time until retirement since the terms of the grant provide that awards will vest upon retirement. 
Performance Vested Restricted Stock Units ("PVRSUs') - The Company has granted PVRSUs to certain employees. The Company grants 
three types of PVRSU awards: (i) PVRSUs with performance conditions based on internal performance metrics, (ii) PVRSUs with market conditions 
based on the Company's total shareholder return ("TSR") relative to a predetermined peer group, and (iii) PVRSUs with both performance and market 
conditions. The vesting of the PVRSU awards is contingent upon the Company achieving the internal performance and/or TSR targets over a specified 
period and the employees' continued employment over the service period. The performance and market conditions affect the number of shares that will 
ultimately vest. 
The fair value of the PVRSUs with performance conditions based on internal performance metrics is measured by the market price of the Company's 
common stock on the date of the award grant. The Company recognizes compensation expense ratably over the requisite service period based on the 
Company's estimate of achieving the performance conditions. 
The fair value of the PVRSUs with market conditions is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation method as of the date of the award grant. The 
Company recognizes compensation expense ratably over the requisite service period regardless of whether the market conditions are achieved and the 
awards ultimately vest. 
The fair value of the PVRSUs with both performance and market conditions is estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation as of the date of the award 
grant. The Company recoPlni7es compensation expense ratably over the requisite service period based on the Company's estimate of achieving the 
performance conditions, with subsequent adjustments being made for the performance-based leveraging of any unvested PVRSUs, as necessary. 
Over the life of the share-based award grant, the Company's estimate of the share-based compensation expense for the share-based awards with 
performance and/or service requirements will be adjusted so that compensation expense is recognized only for the share-based awards that will 
ultimately vest. The expected forfeiture rate is calculated based on the number of shares that have historically been forfeited due to termination within 
one year of the grant date. 
Leases 
The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease, and the classification as either an operating lease or a financing lease, at lease inception. 
Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets, accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and operating lease liabilities in our 
consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not have any leases classified as a financing lease. 
On the commencement date, operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future 
minimum lease payments over the lease term. The operating lease right-of-use assets are further offset by prepaid rent, lease incentives, and initial 
direct costs incurred. When a lease agreement does not provide an implicit rate, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rate based on the 
information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of the future minimum lease payments. 
Lease expense for the minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease payments include certain 
index-based changes in rent, certain non-lease components (such as maintenance and other services provided by the lessor), and other charges included 
in the lease. Variable lease payments are excluded from the future minimum lease payments and expensed as incurred. 
The Company has made an election to not separate the lease and the non-lease components for all classes of underlying assets in which it is the lessee. 
In addition, the Company has made an election to not recognize short-term leases with an initial teen of 12 months or less in the consolidated balance 
sheets. These short-term leases are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
Non-Qualified Retirement, Savings, and Investment Plans 
The Company has an Executive Deferred Compensation Plan ("EDCP") and a Non-Qualified Retirement Savings and Investment Plan ("Non-
Qualified Plan") (together, the "Deferred Compensation Plan"). Under the EDCP, certain executive officers may defer a portion of their salary into an 
irrevocable trust and invest these amounts in a selection of available diversified investment options. The Non-Qualified Plan allows certain employees 
who do not participate in the EDCP to defer a portion of their salary and invest these amounts in a selection of available diversified investment 
options. The long-term deferred compensation and retirement plan liabilities related to the deferrals and the credited investment returns under the 
Deferred Compensation Plan are presented in deferred compensation and retirement plan obligations in the consolidated balance sheets. The 
corresponding long-term deferred compensation and retirement plan assets are presented in investments for employee benefit plans, at fair value in the 
consolidated balance sheets. Compensation expense or benefit is recognized in 
71 


Table of Contents 
selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income based on the change in the deferred compensation and retirement 
plan obligations related to the earnings credited to the participants as well as the changes in the fair value of the diversified investments. 
Business Combinations 
The Company allocates the purchase price of an acquisition to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the 
acquisition date. The Company recognizes goodwill as the amount by which the purchase price of an acquired entity exceeds the fair values assigned 
to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. For a business combination achieved in stages, in which there is a change in ownership interest and 
control is obtained when there is a previously held equity interest, a gain or loss from remeasurement of the previously held equity interest to fair value 
ja mengrii7eti in the tierind that control 1X.1251 obtained. 
Recently Adopted & Issued Accounting Standards 
In December 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2023-09, Improvements to 
Income Tax Disclosures ("ASU 2023-09"). ASU 2023-09 is designed to provide additional information to financial statement users in regards to how 
an entity's operations, risks, and planning affect its tax rate, opportunities, and future cash flows. ASU 2023-09 is effective for the annual reporting 
period beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 on a prospective basis effective December 31, 2025. The adoption of 
this standard did not have an impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements, but it did require enhanced income tax disclosures in the 
notes to the consolidated fmancial statements. Refer to Note 11 for more information. 
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses ("ASU 2024-03"). ASU 2024-03 requires public 
entities to provide detailed disclosure of the income statement expenses in the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements. ASU 2024-03 does 
not require any changes to the expense captions on the face of the consolidated income statement. ASU 2024-03 is effective for the annual reporting 
period beginning after December 15, 2026 and for the interim periods within the annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2027. Early 
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact that ASU 2024-03 will have on the Company's consolidated financial 
statements. 
2. Revenue 
Contract Liabilities 
Contract liabilities relate to (i) advance consideration received related to services considered to be a part of the brand intellectual property performance 
obligation, such as initial franchise fees that are paid when a franchise agreement is executed and system implementation fees that are paid at the time 
of installation, and (ii) amounts received when loyalty points are issued but the associated revenue has not yet been recognized because the related 
loyalty points have not been redeemed. 
Deferred revenues from initial franchise fees are typically recognized over a ten-year period, unless the franchise agreement is terminated and the hotel 
exits the franchise system whereby the remaining deferred revenue amounts are recognized to revenue in the period of termination. As of December 
31, 2025 and 2024, deferred revenues from initial franchise fees were $103.0 million and $111.2 million, respectively. Loyalty points are typically 
redeemed within three years of issuance. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, deferred revenues from the loyalty program were $114.9 million and 
$110.4 million, respectively. 
The following table summarizes the significant changes in the contract liabilities balances (hiring the year ended December 31, 2025: 
(in thousands) 
Balance as of December 31, 2024 216,697 
Increases to the contract liability balance due to cash received 153,031 
Revenue recognized in the period (149,388) 
Balance as of December 31, 2025 220,340 
Remaining Performance Obligations 
The aggregate amount of the transaction price that is allocated to unsatisfied, or partially unsatisfied, performance obligations was $220.3 million as of 
December 31, 2025. This amount represents the fixed transaction price that will be recognized as revenue in future periods, which is presented as 
current and non-current deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets. 
72 


Table of Contents 
Based on the practical expedient elections permitted by ASU 2014-09, Revenue From Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) and subsequent 
amendments ("Topic 606"), the Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) variable consideration subject to 
the sales or usage-based royalty constraint or comprising a component of a series (including franchise, partnership, qualified vendor, and SaaS 
agreements), (ii) variable consideration for which the Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it has the right to invoice for the services 
performed, or (iii) contracts with an expected original duration of one year or less. 
Capitalized Franchise Agreement Costs 
Sales commissions earned by Company personnel upon execution of a franchise agreement ("franchise sales commissions") meet the requirement to 
he capitali7ed as an incremental cost of obtaining a contract with a customer. The capitali7ed franchise sales commissions  are amortized on a straight, 
line basis over the estimated benefit period of the arrangement, unless the franchise agreement is terminated and the hotel exits the system whereby the 
remaining capitalized amounts will be expensed in the period of termination. The estimated benefit period is the Company's estimate of the duration a 
hotel will remain in the Choice system. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the capitalized franchise sales commissions were $69.0 million and $59.5 
million, respectively, which are presented within other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 
2023, amortization expense and impairment charges were $13.2 million, $10.2 million, and $13.1 million, respectively, which are presented within 
selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. 
The Company makes certain payments to customers as an incentive to enter into new franchise agreements ("franchise agreement acquisition costs"). 
These payments are recognized as an adjustment to the transaction price and capitalized as an intangible asset in the consolidated balance sheets. The 
franchise agreement acquisition cost intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated benefit period of the arrangement as a 
reduction to franchise and management fees and revenue for reimbursable costs from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated 
statements of income. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2023, the net impairments from adverse franchise agreement activity, including 
terminations and significant delinquencies in invoice payments, were $1.1 million and $7.3 million, respectively, which are presented within selling, 
general and •  dministrative expenses and reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. For 
the year ended December 31, 2024, the net recoveries from adverse franchise agreement activity, including terminations and significant delinquencies 
in invoice payments, were $0.4 million, which is presented within selling, general and administrative expenses and reimbursable expenses from 
franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
3. Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses 
Notes Receivable 
The Company has provided financing in the form of notes receivable loans to franchisees in order to support the development of hotel properties in 
strategic markets. The Company's credit quality indicator is the level of security in the note receivable. 
The following table summarizes the composition of the notes receivable balances by credit quality indicator and the allowance for credit losses: 
Do thousands) 
December 31, 
2025 2024 
Senior 98,257 $ 94,963 
Subordinated 13,356 15,433 
I Insectired 4,044 5,118 
Total notes receivable 115,657 115,514 
Less: allowance for credit losses 8,481 7,331 
Total notes receivable, net of allowance for credit losses 107,176 $ 108,183 
Current portion, net of allowance for credit losses 94,686 $ 75,501 
Long-term portion, net of allowance for credit losses 12,490 $ 32,682 
73 


Table of Contents 
The following table summarizes the amortized cost basis of the notes receivable by the year of origination and credit quality indicator: 
(in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 Prior Total 
Senior $ 1,713 $ 40,832 $ - $ $ - $ 55,712 $ 98,257 
Subordinated 1,501 3,503 8,352 13,356 
Unsecured 386 125 771 2,762 4,044 
Total notes receivable $ 3,600 $ 40,957 $ 3,503 $ - $ 771 $ 66,826 $ 115,657 
The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company's notes receivable allowance for credit losses: 
(in thousands) 
December 31, 
2025 2024 
Beginning balance 7,331 $ 8,616 
Provision (reversal) for credit losses 1,150 (609) 
Recoveries (676) 
Ending balance 8,481 $ 7,331 
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the recoveries were primarily associated with cash collections pursuant to a settlement agreement with a 
borrower. 
As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, three and one note receivable loans, respectively, with senior credit quality indicators met the 
definition of collateral-dependent and are collateralized by the membership interests in the borrowing entities, the associated land parcel, or the 
operating hotel. The Company used both a market approach that uses quoted market prices and an income approach that uses discounted cash flows to 
value the underlying collateral. The Company reviewed the borrower's financial statements, economic trends, industry projections for the market, and 
comparable sales capitalization rates, which represent significant inputs to the cash flow projections. These nonrecurring fair value measurements are 
classified as Level 3 in the fair value measurement hierarchy because they are unobservable inputs which are significant to the overall fair value. 
Based on the Company's analysis, the fair value of the collateral secures substantially all of the carrying value of the respective note receivable loans. 
The allowance for credit losses attributable to the collateral-dependent note receivable loans were $4.6 million and $2.2 million as of December 31, 
2025 and 2024, respectively. 
The following table summarizes the past due balances by credit quality indicator of the notes receivable: 
(in thousands) 
As of December 31, 2025 
1-30 days 
Past Due 
31-89 days > 90 days 
Past Due Past Due 
Total 
Past Due Current 
Total Notes 
Receivable 
Senior $ — $ — $ 42,900 $ 42,900 $ 55,357 $ 98,257 
Subordinated — — — — 13,356 13,356 
Unsecured — — 404 404 3,640 4,044 
$ — $ — $ 43,304 $ 43,304 $ 72,353 $ 115,657 
As of December 31, 2024 
Senior $ — $ — $ 15,200 $ 15,200 $ 79,763 $ 94,963 
Subordinated 2,264 2,264 13,169 15,433 
Unsecured 784 784 4,334 5,118 
$ - $ - $ 18,248 $ 18,248 $ 97,266 $ 115,514 
The amortized cost basis of the notes receivable in a non-accrual status was $42.9 million and $17.5 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, 
respectively. 
Variable Interest through Notes Receivable 
The Company has issued notes receivable loans to certain entities that have created variable interests in the associated borrowers totaling $103.2 
million and $103.1 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of 
these variable interest entities ("Via"). For the collateral-dependent loans, the Company has no exposure to the borrowing VIE beyond the respective 
note receivable and the limited commitments which are addressed in Note 16. 
74 


Table of Contents 
Transactions with Unconsolidated Affiliates 
The Company has extended loans to various unconsolidated affiliates or members of our unconsolidated affiliates. The Company had a total principal 
balance on these loans of $65.3 million and $66.2 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. 
Accounts Receivable 
Accounts receivable consists primarily of franchise and related fees due from the hotel franchisees and are recorded at the invoiced amount. 
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recognized provisions for credit losses on accounts receivable of $20.2 million in selling, 
general and administrative expenses, and $i5.0 million in reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties, in the consolidated 
statements of income. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized provisions for credit losses on accounts receivable of $11.0 
million in selling, general and administrative expenses, and $9.7 million in reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties, in the 
consolidated statements of income. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded write-offs, net of recoveries, through the 
accounts receivable allowance for credit losses of $29.6 million and $14.4 million, respectively. 
4. Property and Equipment 
The components of property and equipment were the following: 
(In thousands) 
December 31, 
2025 2024 
Land and land improvements 67,451 $ 51,045 
Construction in progress and software under development 88,125 151,756 
Computer equipment and software 114,031 105,196 
Buildings and leasehold improvements 462,543 354,689 
Furniture, fixtures, vehicles and equipment 79,254 67,562 
Property and equipment 811,404 730,248 
Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization (162,113) (125,903) 
Property and equipment, net 649,291 $ 604,345 
For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized depreciation and amortization expense of $35.3 million, $31.3 
million, and $25.2 million, respectively, in depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of income. Additionally, for the years ended 
December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized depreciation and amortization expense of $18.4 million, $17.4 million, and $27.9 
million, respectively, in reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized amortization of capitalized software development costs of $27.6 
million, $22.8 million, and $30.3 million, respectively, which are included in the total depreciation and amortization expense amounts that are 
disclosed in the paragraph above. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, unamortized capitalized software development costs were $65.1 million and 
$65.3 million, respectively. 
75 


Table of Contents 
5. Goodwill and Impairment of Assets 
Goodwill 
The following table summarizes the carrying amount of the Company's goodwill: 
(in thousands) 
December 31, 
2025 2024 
Goodwill, excluding goodwill arising from the Choice Hotels Canada acquisition 227,765 $ 227,765 
Goodwill arising from the Choice Hotels Canada acquisition 86,194 
Effect of foreign currency translation (623) 
Total goodwill, gross carrying amount 313,336 227,765 
Accumulated impairment losses (7,578) (7,578) 
Goodwill, net carrying amount 305,758 $ 220,187 
As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, goodwill is entirely attributable to the Hotel Franchising reporting unit. The Company assessed the qualitative 
factors attributable to the Hotel Franchising reporting unit and determined that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is 
less than its carrying amount. The Hotel Franchising reporting unit is included in the Hotel Franchising & Management reportable segment in Note 15. 
Long-lived Asset Group Impairments 
Legacy Radisson Corporate Office Lease 
On October 12, 2023, the Company executed an agreement to sublease the legacy Radisson corporate office space in Minneapolis, Minnesota. As a 
result of the intended change of use, the Company determined the assets associated with the legacy Radisson corporate office space represent their 
own long-lived asset group, inclusive of the head lease right-of-use asset and leasehold improvements, with a carrying value of $9.5 million. The 
legacy Radisson corporate office space long-lived asset group was determined to be impaired due to the carrying value exceeding its fair value, which 
resulted in the recognition of a $3.4 million impairment loss, which is presented within impairments of long-lived assets in the consolidated statements 
of income and the Corporate & Other segment in Note 15. This nonrecurring fair value measurement, which is based on a discounted cash flows 
analysis, is classified as Level 3 in the fair value measurement hierarchy because there are unobservable inputs which are significant to the overall fair 
value. 
76 


'fable of Contents 
6. Intangible Assets 
The components of the Company's intangible assets were the following: 
(in thousands) 
As of December 31, 2025 As of December 31, 2024 
Gross Carrying Accumulated 
Amount Amortization 
Net Carrying 
Value 
Gross Carrying 
Amount 
Accumulated 
Amortization 
Net Carrying 
Value 
Franchise Rights (1) S 352,710 S 90,059 $ 262,651 S 278,956 $ 67,620 $ 211,336 
Reacquired Territory Rights (2) 75,971 1,000 74,971 
Franchise Agreement Acquisition Costs (3) 644,997 159,630 485,367 548,544 128,932 419,612 
Trademarks & Other (4) 10,603 4,569 6,034 12,444 6,414 6,030 
Capitalized SaaS Licenses (5) 1,959 1,317 642 6,392 6,071 321 
Total amortizing intangible assets 1,086,240 256,575 829,665 846,336 209,037 637.299 
Trademarks & Other (non-amortizing) (63 252,821 - 252,821 246,714 - 246,714 
Total intangible assets S 1,339,061 S 256,575 $ 1,082,486 S 1,093,050 $ 209,037 $ 884,013 
(1) Represents the purchase price assigned to long-term franchise contracts. The unamortized balance relates primarily to the franchise rights established from the Radisson Hotels 
Americas acquisition, the Choice Hotels Canada acquisition, as well as the active WoodSpring franchise rights since the acquisition. The franchise rights are being amortized 
over useful lives ranging from 12 to 15 years on a straight-line basis. 
(2) Represents the reacquired territory rights for the use of certain Choice brands within Canada. The reacquired territory rights are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a 
useful life of 38 years. 
(3) Represents certain payments to customers as an incentive to enter into new franchise agreements, which are amortized as a reduction to franchise and management fees and 
revenue for reimbursable costs from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income over useful lives generally ranging from 10 to 30 years on a 
straight-line basis commencing at hotel opening. The gross and accumulated amortization amounts arc written off upon full amortization recognition, including the termination of 
an associated franchise agreement. 
(4) Represents definite-lived trademarks and other amortizing assets, including management agreements, which are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of 10 
years to 30 years. 
(5) Represents software licenses that have been capitalized under a SaaS agreement, which are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over an average period of 3 years. 
(6) Represents the purchase price assigned to the Radisson, WoodSpring, and Suburban trademarks and other intellectual property that were recognized at the time of their respective 
acquisitions. The trademarks and other intellectual property arc non-amortizing assets because they are expected to generate future cash flows for an indefinite period of time. 
For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized amortization on the amortizing intangible assets of $24.4 million, 
$20.7 million, and S19.8 million, respectively, in depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of income and $1.2 million, $1.5 
million, and $2.8 million, respectively, in reimbursable expenses from franchised and managed properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
Additionally, for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized amortization on the amortizing intangible assets of 
$20.6 million, $16.2 million, and $11.6 million, respectively, as a reduction to franchise and management fees in the consolidated statements of 
income and $12.1 million, $12.5 million, and $8.3 million, respectively, as a reduction to revenue for reimbursable costs from franchised and managed 
properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
The estimated annual amortization on the amortizing intangible assets for each of the next five years is as follows: 
(in thousands) 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
2030 
7. Investments in Affiliates 
$ 63,758 
62,193 
60,689 
59,477 
53,910 
The Company has equity method investments in affiliates primarily related to the Company's program to offer equity support to qualified franchisees 
to develop and operate Cambria Ilotels and Everhome Suites in strategic markets. 
As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had total investments in affiliates in the consolidated balance sheets of $135.0 million and $117.0 
million, respectively, which included investments in affiliates that represent VIEs of $134.4 million and $104.2 million, respectively. The Company 
has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of any of these VIEs, however the Company does exercise significant influence through its equity 
ownership and as a result, the investments in these affiliates are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. During the years ended 
December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, 
77 


Table of Contents 
the Company recognized losses of $16.1 million, gains of $6.9 million, and losses of $3.4 million, respectively, from these investments that represent 
VIEs. The Company's maximum exposure to losses related to its investments in the VIEs is limited to the total of its respective equity investment as 
well as certain limited payment guaranties, which are described in Note 16 to these consolidated financial statements. 
The Company has entered into franchise agreements with certain of its unconsolidated affiliates. Pursuant to these franchise agreements, the Company 
recognized royalty fees and marketing and reservation fees of approximately S19.6 million, $34.5 million, and $30.9 million for the years ended 
December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
On July 10, 2025 the Company entered into a joint venture agreement to develop and operate Everhome Suites in certain strategic markets (the "Joint 
Venture"). The Company contributed t7l .6 million  in cash to the Joint Venture in exchange for an equity ownership interest. The Company concluded 
that the Joint Venture represents a VIE. The Company determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE, however, the Company does 
exercise significant influence through its equity ownership and as a result, the Company's investment in the Joint Venture is accounted for under the 
equity method of accounting and reported within investments in affiliates in the consolidated balance sheets. 
Subsequent to the formation of the Joint Venture, the following transactions were completed: 
The Joint Venture entered into a loan facility for up to $500 million. In connection with the loan facility, the Company has provided a limited 
payment guarantee, which applies to all hotel projects funded by the loan facility, with the applicable guaranteed amount being determined on 
a hotel project by hotel project basis. The Company's obligation under the limited payment guarantee with respect to any hotel project is 
effective upon the earlier of (a) the hotel's opening date or (b) 18 months after the date on which construction first started for the hotel. The 
maximum exposure to losses related to this limited payment guarantee is described in Note 16 to these consolidated financial statements. 
The Company sold four wholly-owned Everhome Suites hotels under construction to the Joint Venture for an aggregate sale price of $52.0 
million, resulting in a gain of $0.7 million which is reported within gain on sale of assets in the consolidated statements of income. Prior to 
the sale, the four wholly-owned Everhome Suites hotels were reported within property and equipment in the consolidated balance sheets. 
Seven of the Company's unconsolidated affiliates, which the Company previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting, 
contributed their underlying assets to the Joint Venture. Prior to the transaction, the seven unconsolidated affiliates had an aggregate 
investment balance of $42.1 million, which was reported within investments in affiliates in the consolidated balance sheets. 
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company received distributions from the sale of affiliates of $15.9 million and recognized net gains of 
$7.2 million, which was recognized in equity in net gain of affiliates in the consolidated statements of income. During the year ended December 31, 
2023, the Company received distributions from the sale of affiliates of $0.9 million which resulted in no net gains (losses). 
During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company recognized no impairment charges related to its equity method investments. 
78 


Table of Contents 
The Company's ownership interests in its affiliates were as follows: 
Ownership Interest 
December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 
Choice Hotels Canada, Inc. 0) (2) — % 50 % 
Main Street WP Hotel Associates, LLC 50 % 50 % 
CS Hotel West Orange, LLC 50 % 50 % 
926 James M. Wood Boulevard, LLC 75 % 75 % 
EH Glendale JV, LLC 80 % 80 % 
CS Lakeside Santa Clara LLC 50% 50% 
BL 219 Holdco, LP 50 % 50 % 
Integrated 32 West Randolph, LLC 20 % 20 % 
EH Nampa N LLC 80 % 80 % 
Radisson Hotel La Crosse 0) 14 % 14 % 
CH East Avenue, LLC 65 % 65 % 
EH Cheyenne JV, LLC 80 % 80 % 
EH Clarksville JV, LLC 80 % 80 % 
EH Waco JV, LLC (3) - % 80 % 
EH Amarillo JV, LLC (3) - % 80 % 
EH Yuma JV, LLC (3) -% 80% 
EH El Paso JV, LLC (3) -% 80% 
EH Brownsville JV, LLC (3) - % 80 % 
EH Wichita JV, LLC (3) - % 80 % 
EH Salem N, LLC (3) -% 80% 
EH Facility N, LLC (3) 86 % -% 
(1) Non-VIE investments. 
(2) During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition of the remaining 50% of the outstanding shares of Choice Hotels Canada, Inc. As a result of the 
acquisition, Choice Hotels Canada, Inc. is now a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of the Company. Refer to Note 17 for additional information. 
(3) During the year ended December 31, 2025, seven of the Company's unconsolidated affiliates contributed their underlying assets to EH Facility JV, LLC. 
The following tables present summarized financial information for all of the unconsolidated joint ventures in which the Company holds an investment 
in affiliate that is accounted for under the equity method of accounting: 
(in thousands) 
Year Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
Revenues $ 73,113 $ 65,732 $ 65,634 
Operating income $ 13,091 $ 14,199 $ 12,504 
(Loss) income before income taxes $ (13,990) $ (1,203) $ 314 
Net loss $ (14,443) $ (3,488) $ (1,255) 
(in thousands) 
As of December 31, 
2025 2024 
Current assets 27,787 $ 71,737 
Non-current assets 502,562 412,269 
Total assets 530,349 $ 484,006 
Current liabilities 30,988 $ 84,966 
Non-current liabilities 352,594 257,130 
Total liabilities 383,582 $ 342,096 
79 


Table of Contents 
8. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following: 
December 31, 
(in thousands) 
Accrued compensation and benefits 
Accrued interest 
Dividends payable 
incnrne twee pnysahle 
Current operating lease liabilities 
Other liabilities 
Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
9. Debt 
Debt consisted of the following: 
$400 million senior unsecured notes due 2029 ("2019 Senior Notes") with an effective interest rate of 3.88%, 
less a discount and deferred issuance costs of $2.4 million and $3.0 million at December 31, 2025 and 
December 31, 2024, respectively 
$450 million senior unsecured notes due 2031 ("2020 Senior Notes") with an effective interest rate of 3.86%, 
less a discount and deferred issuance costs of $3.1 million and $3.7 million at December 31, 2025 and 
December 31, 2024, respectively 
$600 million senior unsecured notes due 2034 ("2024 Senior Notes") with an effective interest rate of 6.11%, 
less a discount and deferred issuance costs of $10.1 million and $11.2 million at December 31, 2025 and 
December 31, 2024, respectively 
$1 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an effective interest rate of 5.22%, less deferred 
issuance costs of $2.8 million and $3.6 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively 
Economic development loans with an effective interest rate of 3.00% at December 31, 2025 
Total long-term debt 
2025 2024 
47,451 $ 55,806 
24,761 27,333 
13,542 13,888 
1167 10,4A5 
8,364 5,367 
30,302 23,930 
125,282 136,729 
December 31, 
2025 2024 
(in thousands) 
$ 397,643 $ 397,042 
446,910 446,300 
589,936 588,764 
469,783 336,420 
1,850 
$ 1,906,122 $ 1,768,526 
As of December 31, 2025, the scheduled principal maturities of debt, net of unamortized discounts, premiums, and deferred issuance costs, were as 
follows: 
(in thousands) 
2026 
.Lo.L 
2028 
Senior Notes 
Revolving Credit 
Facility Other Notes Payable Total 
- $ - $ - $ 
2029 397,643 469,783 867,426 
2030 
Thereafter 1,036,846 1,850 1,038,696 
Total payments $ 1,434,489 $ 469,783 $ 1,850 $ 1,906,122 
10. Fair Value Measurements 
The Company estimates the fair value of its financial instruments utilizing a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in 
measuring fair value. The following summarizes the three levels of inputs, as well as the assets that the Company values using those levels of inputs on 
a recurring basis. 
Level 1- Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. The Company's Level 1 assets consist of mutual funds held in the 
Company's Deferred Compensation Plan. 
80 


Table of Contents 
Level 2 - Observable inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, such as quoted prices for similar assets 
and liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable. The Company's Level 2 assets consist of money 
market funds held in the Company's Deferred Compensation Plan. 
Level 3 - Unobservable inputs, supported by little or no market data available, where the reporting entity is required to develop its own 
assumptions to determine the fair value of the instrument. The Company does not currently have any assets recorded at fair value on a recurring 
basis whose fair value was determined using Level 3 inputs and there were no transfers of Level 3 assets during the years ended December 31, 
2025 and 2024. 
The Company recognized the following assets at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated balance sheets: 
(In thousands) 
As of December 31, 2025 
Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using 
Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 
Mutual fundso) 47,713 $ 47,713 $ - $ 
Money market fundso) 4,281 4,281 
Total 51,994 S 47,713 $ 4,281 $ 
As of December 31, 2024 
Mutual funds' ) 43,887 $ 43,887 $ - $ 
Money market funds(') 5,439 5,439 
Total 49,326 $ 43,887 $ 5,439 $ 
(1) The current assets at fair value noted above are presented in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The long-term assets at fair value noted above 
are presented in investments for employee benefit plans, at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. 
Other Financial Instruments Disclosure 
The Company believes that the fair values of its current assets and current liabilities approximate their reported carrying amounts due to the short-term 
nature of these items. In addition, the interest rate on the senior unsecured revolving credit facility adjusts frequently based on current market interest 
rates; therefore, the Company believes the carrying amount approximates the fair value. 
The fair values of the Company's senior unsecured notes are classified as Level 2 because the significant inputs are observable in an active market. 
Refer to Note 9 for additional information on debt. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts and the fair values were as follows: 
(in thousands) 
December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 
Carrying Amount Fair Value Carrying Amount Fair Value 
2019 Senior Notes Due 2029 397,643 $ 389,612 $ 397,042 $ 371,600 
2020 Senior Notes Due 2031 446,910 $ 428,963 $ 446,300 $ 405,351 
2024 Senior Notes Due 2034 589,936 $ 612,612 $ 588,764 $ 601,836 
The fair value estimates are determined at a specific point in time, are subjective in nature, and involve uncertainties and matters of significant 
iruloment The cettlement of curb fair value urnrumtc may not he nnccihle nr a nnulent manacrement riericinn 
81 


Table of Contents 
11. Income Taxes 
The Company's income before income taxes, classified by source of income, was as follows: 
(in thousands) 
Year Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
U.S. 324,611 $ 370,395 $ 303,337 
Outside the U.S. 132,280 25,250 33,619 
Income before income taxes 456,891 $ 395,645 $ 336,956 
The provision for income taxes, classified by the timing and the location of payment, was as follows: 
(in thousands) 
Current tax expense 
Year Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
Federal 45,262 $ 89,716 $ 60,493 
State 10,890 21,518 16,890 
Foreign 4,568 2,609 1,593 
Deferred tax expense (benefit) 
Federal 17,330 (18,378) (2,022) 
State 4,343 (2,908) (1,874) 
Foreign 4,552 3,423 3,369 
Income tax expense $ 86,945 $ 95,980 $ 78,449 
The net deferred tax assets were as follows: 
(in thousands) 
Deferred tax assets: 
December 31, 
2025 2024 
Accrued compensation 21,571 $ 20,958 
Deferred revenue 36,209 40,946 
Receivable, net 13,888 12,345 
Tax credits 34,615 24,663 
Operating lease liabilities 27,872 28,455 
Partnership interests 2,896 5,130 
Capitalized research and experimental expenditures 35,253 44,946 
Foreign net operating losses 7,651 7,870 
Non-U.S. intellectual property 7,555 11,333 
Other 5,015 7,235 
Total gross deferred tax assets 192,525 203,881 
Less: Valuation allowance (33,542) (29,660) 
Deferred tax assets 158,983 $ 174,221 
Deferred tax liabilities: 
Property, equipment and intangible assets (87,465) $ (42,895) 
Operating lease ROU assets (18,601) (20,016) 
Other (2,849) (3,002) 
Deferred tax liabilities (108,915) (65,913) 
Net deferred tax assets 50,068 $ 108,308 
The Company assesses all positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use its deferred tax 
assets. Based on this evaluation, the Company recorded a net change to its valuation allowance of $3.9 million due to state tax credits and foreign 
NOLs. 
82 


Table of Contents 
The Company has $28.0 million of state income tax credit carryforwards as of December 31, 2025. It is unlikely that the Company will realize these 
benefits. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance against these carryforwards. 
As of December 31, 2025, the Company had gross foreign net operating losses ("NOLs") of $28.3 million, all of which have indefinite carryforward 
lives. The Company has recorded a tax-effected valuation allowance of $2.4 million for these NOLs, primarily related to Australia and India. In 
addition, the Company has a Dutch deferred tax asset of $7.6 million, for which it has recorded a valuation allowance of $3.0 million. The Dutch 
valuation allowance did not change during the year ended December 31, 2025. 
The following table presents a reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for continuing operations, in 
accordance Vii it A.SU 2023-09 for the year ended December 31, 2025. R.efer to lic.te. 1 for more information or, the ad,_.-ption of ASU 2023-09. 
(in thousands, except percentages) 
Year Ended December 31, 
2025 
Amount Percent 
U.S. federal statutory tax rate 95,989 21.0 % 
State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax effect (1) 11,996 2.6 
Foreign tax effects: 
Canada: 
Federal statutory tax rate difference between Canada and U.S. (6,137) (1.3) 
Non-taxable gain (15,026) (3.3) 
Netherlands 1,169 0.3 
Other foreign jurisdictions (2) 2,130 0.4 
Effects of cross-border tax laws (903) (0.2) 
Tax credits 
Research & development tax credits (4,861) (1.1) 
Other (3,107) (0.7) 
Nontaxable or nondeductible items: 
Expenses related to compensation, net 5,271 1.2 
Other 927 0.2 
Changes in unrecognized tax benefits (455) (0.1) 
Other (48) 
Effective income tax rate 86,945 19.0 % 
0) State taxes in Minnesota, California, New York, Illinois, Georgia, Florida, Tennessee, and Wisconsin made up the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect of this category. 
(2)All other foreign jurisdictions do not exceed the 5% threshold at the jurisdiction level in total or for individual reconciling items of the same nature within each jurisdiction. 
The Company's effective income tax rate from continuing operations was 19.0% for the year ended December 31, 2025. 
The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 was lower than the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21.0% primarily due to the 
impact of a ff,100 0 non taxable gain from an acquisition of Ft joint venture and fede-ral income tax credits, which were partially offset by the 
impact of state income taxes and tax expense related to compensation. 
The following table presents a reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for continuing operations as 
previously disclosed for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-09. 
83 


Table of Contents 
Statutory U.S. federal income tax rate 
State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 2023 
21.0 % 
3.5% 
21.0% 
3.2% 
Expenses related to foreign operations 0.7 % 0.3 % 
Expenses related to compensation, net 1.3 % 1.0 % 
Unrecognized tax positions (0.8)% 0.5 % 
Tax credits (2.4)% (2.4)% 
Valuation allowance 0.6 % 0.6 70 
Other 0.4% (0.9)% 
Effective income tax rate 24.3 % 23.3 % 
The Company's effective income tax rates from continuing operations were 24.3% and 23.3% for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively. 
The effective income tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were higher than the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21.0% primarily 
due to the impact of state income taxes and tax expense related to compensation, which were partially offset by federal income tax credits. 
For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company's gross unrecognized tax benefits totaled $5.8 million, $6.9 million, and $13.4 
million, respectively. After considering the deferred income tax accounting impact, it is expected that approximately $3.5 million of the total as of 
December 31, 2025 would reduce the effective income tax rate if resolved in the Company's favor. 
The following table presents a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of the unrecognized tax benefits: 
(in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 
Balance, January 1 $ 6,914 $ 13,434 $ 11,876 
Changes for tax positions of prior years 91 (776) 2,338 
Increases for tax positions related to the current year 1,400 1,516 1,670 
Settlements and lapsing of statutes of limitations (2,573) (7,260) (2,450) 
Balance, December 31 $ 5,832 $ 6,914 $ 13,434 
The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state, local, and foreign jurisdictions. The Company's federal income 
tax returns for the 2022, 2023, 2024, and 2025 tax years are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. 
The Company's policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in the provision for income taxes. The Company did not 
incur any material interest or penalties during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. The Company had no accrued interest and 
penalties as of December 31, 2025. The Company had $0.3 million of accrued interest and penalties as of December 31, 2024. 
12. Share -Based Compensation and Capital Stock 
Share-Based Compensation 
The Company has stock compensation plans pursuant to which it is authorized to grant share-based awards, including restricted stock, stock options, 
stock appreciation rights, and performance-based share awards, to officers, key employees, and non-employee directors with contractual terms that are 
set by the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors. Approximately 1.9 million shares of the Company's 
common stock remain available for grant as of December 31, 2025. The Company's policy allows the issuance of new common stock shares or 
treasury shares to satisfy the share-based awards. 
84 


Table of Contents 
For the year ended December 31, 2025, the following table presents a summary of the share-based award activity: 
2025 
Stock Options Restricted Stock 
Performance Vested 
Restricted Stock Units 
Options 
Weighted 
Average 
Exercise 
Price 
Weighted 
Average 
Remaining 
Contractual 
Life Shares 
Weighted 
Average Grant 
Date Fair Value Shares 
Weighted 
Average Grant 
Date Fair Value 
Outstanding as of January 1, 2025 771,641 $ 111.15 355,405 $ 136.67 467,521 $ 137.74 
Granted 65,223 132.64 148,709 150.77 
Performance-based leveraging* - - (41,012) 125.90 
Exercised/vested (62,025) 107.71 (65,961) 129.32 (116,107) 151.76 
Expired (12,850) 135.92 - - - - 
Forfeited (1,683) 137.55 (11,502) 125.14 (14,300) 146.55 
Outstanding as of December 31, 2025 695,083 $ 110.98 5.2 years 343,165 $ 138.02 444,811 $ 138.89 
Options exercisable as of December 31, 2025 560,223 $ 107.84 4.7 years 
•Any revisions to the outstanding PVRSUs during the year ended December 31, 2025 are based on the Company's performance relative to the targeted performance conditions in the 
respective PVRSUs. 
The components of the Company's share-based compensation expense were as follows: 
For the Year Ended December 31, 
(in thousands) 
Stock options 
Restricted stock 
Performance vested restricted stock units 
Total share-based compensation expense 
2025 2024 2023 
3,946 $ 5,265 $ 5,816 
12,785 12,728 13,774 
21,590 20,447 20,924 
38,321 $ 38,440 $ 40,514 
The following table as of December 31, 2025 is a summary of the total unrecognized compensation expense related to the share-based awards that 
have not yet vested and the related weighted average remaining amortization periods over which the compensation expense will be recognized: 
Unrecognized Compensation Weighted Average Remaining 
(in thousands) Expense on Unvested Awards Amortization Period 
Stock options $ 1,776 1.5 years 
Restricted stock 18,507 1.9 years 
Performance vested restricted stock units 18,749 1.7 years 
Total $ 39,032 
Stock Options 
The following table is a summary of the activity related to the stock options: 
Number of options granted 
Fair value of options granted (in thousands) 
Total intrinsic value of stock options exercised (in thousands) 
Total fair value of stock options vested (in thousands) 
For the Year Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
2,356 $ 
5,108 $ 
78,988 
3,069 $ 
12,185 $ 
5,032 $ 
88,733 
3,779 
9,170 
4,857 
The stock options granted by the Company had an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. As of 
December 31, 2025, the aggregate intrinsic value of the stock options outstanding and exercisable was $1.5 million and $1.5 million, respectively. 
85 


Table of Contents 
The fair value of the options granted was estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted 
average assumptions: 
2025 2024 2023 
Risk-free interest rate — 4.27 % 4.10 % 
Expected volatility — 31.34 % 30.90 % 
Expected life of stock option — 6.0 years 6.0 years 
Dividend yield — 1.03 % 0.90 % 
Requisite service period — 4 years 4 years 
Contractual life — 10 years 10 years 
Weighted average fair value of the stock options granted (per stock option) $ — $ 38.85 $ 42.59 
The expected life of the stock options and the expected volatility are based on historical data which is believed to be indicative of future exercise 
patterns and volatility. The historical volatility is calculated based on a period that corresponds to the expected life of the stock option. The dividend 
yield and the risk-free interest rate are calculated on the grant date based on the then-current dividend rate and the risk-free interest rate for the period 
corresponding to the expected life of the stock option. 
Restricted Stock 
The following table is a summary of the activity related to the restricted stock: 
Restricted shares granted 
For the Year Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
65,223 69,249 65,991 
Weighted average grant date fair value per share $ 132.64 $ 115.57 $ 123.65 
Aggregate grant date fair value (in thousands) $ 8,651 $ 8,003 $ 8,160 
Restricted shares forfeited 11,502 16,246 13,202 
Vesting service period for the restricted shares granted 9 - 48 months 9 - 48 months 9 - 48 months 
Fair value of the restricted shares vested (in thousands) $ 8,790 $ 6,804 $ 11,134 
Performance Vested Restricted Stock Units 
The following table is a summary of the activity related to the PVRSUs: 
For the Year Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
PVRSUs granted at target 148,709 147,943 110,636 
Weighted average grant date fair value per share $ 150.77 $ 115.04 $ 128.71 
Aggregate grant date fair value (in thousands) $ 22,421 $ 17,019 $ 14,240 
PVILSUs forfeited ez expired 14,309 12 11A Le, p I .I.11 16,5" 
Requisite service period 9 - 48 months 9 - 48 months 9 - 48 months 
Fair value of PVRSUs vested (in thousands) $ 17,621 $ 15,773 $ 17,413 
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company granted PVRSUs with performance conditions, PVRSUs with market conditions, and 
PVRSUs with performance and market conditions, with requisite service periods between 9 months and 48 months and with award vesting ranges 
generally between 0% and 230% of the initial units granted. 
Share Repurchases and Redemptions 
During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company redeemed 71,386, 120,601, and 114,242 shares of common stock, 
respectively, at a total cost of approximately $9.9 million, $12.4 million, and $14.2 million, respectively, from employees to satisfy the stock option 
exercise price and the statutory minimum tax-withholding requirements related to exercising stock options and the vesting of performance vested 
restricted stock units and restricted stock grants. These redemptions were outside of the share repurchase program. 
86 


Table of Contents 
13. Earnings Per Share 
The Company's shares of restricted stock contain rights to receive nonforfeitable dividends and thus are participating securities requiring the 
computation of basic earnings per share using the two-class method. The shares of restricted stock are both potential shares of common stock and 
participating securities so the Company calculates diluted earnings per share by using the more dilutive of the treasury stock method or the two-class 
method. The calculation of earnings per share for the net income available to common shareholders excludes the distribution of dividends and the 
undistributed earnings attributable to the participating securities from the numerator. The diluted earnings per share includes stock options, PVRSUs, 
and RSUs in the calculation of the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding. 
The entnnutaticm of basic and diluted earnings per share was ac fnilaiNs; 
(in thousands, except per share amounts) 
Numerator: 
Net income 
Income allocated to participating securities 
Net income available to common shareholders 
Denominator: 
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic 
Basic earnings per share 
Year Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
369,946 
(1,780) 
$ 299,665 
(1,521) 
$ 258,507 
(1,379) 
368,166 $ 298,144 $ 257,128 
46,170 47,653 50,341 
7.97 $ 6.26 $ 5.11 
Numerator: 
Net income 369,946 $ 299,665 $ 258,507 
Income allocated to participating securities (1,780) (1,521) (1,379) 
Net income available to common shareholders 368,166 $ 298,144 $ 257,128 
Denominator: 
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic 46,170 47,653 50,341 
Dilutive effect of stock options, PVRSUs, and RSUs 410 425 359 
Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted 46,580 48,078 50,700 
Diluted earnings per share $ 7.90 $ 6.20 $ 5.07 
The following securities have been excluded from the calculation of the diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding because the 
inclusion of these securities would have an anti-dilutive effect: 
(in thousands) 
Year Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 2023 
Stock options 202 147 232 
PVRSUs 46 7 71 
14. Leases 
The Company has operating leases for office spaces, buildings, and equipment. The Company's leases, excluding the assumed ground lease discussed 
below, have remaining lease terms of two to nine years, some of which include options to extend the lease for up to ten years. Additionally, the 
Company has a ground lease on an owned hotel with a remaining lease term of 86.3 years. 
The Company's lease costs were as follows: 
Year Ended December 31, 
(in thousands) 2025 2024 
Operating lease cost 12,130 $ 11,979 
Sublease income (937) (789) 
Total lease cost 11,193 $ 11,190 
87 


Table of Contents 
Other information related to the Company's lease arrangements were as follows: 
(in thousands) 
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2025 2024 
Operating cash flows from operating leases $ 8,602 $ 6,637 
ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities in non-cash transactions: 
Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities $ 427 $ 4,585 
Weighted-average remaining lease term 31.6 years 31.7 years 
e   discount rate 5139 % 5.07 % 
As of December 31, 2025, the future minimum lease payments were as follows: 
(in thousands) 
2026 13,071 
2027 13,697 
2028 13,594 
2029 13,586 
2030 13,642 
Thereafter 297,944 
Total minimum lease payments 365,534 
Less: imputed interest 249,207 
Present value of the minimum lease payments 116,327 
15. Reportable Segment Information 
The Hotel Franchising & Management reportable segment includes the Company's hotel franchising operations which consists of its 22 brands and 
brand extensions and the hotel management operations of 13 hotels (inclusive of four owned hotels). The 22 brands and brand extensions and hotel 
management operations are aggregated together within this reportable segment because they have similar economic characteristics, types of customers, 
distribution channels, and regulatory business environments. The revenues from the hotel franchising and management business include royalty fees, 
initial franchise fees and relicensing fees, cost reimbursement revenues, partnership services and fees, base and incentive management fees, and other 
hotel franchising and management-related revenue. The Company provides certain services under its franchise and management agreements which 
result in direct and indirect reimbursements. The cost reimbursement revenues received from the franchisees are included in Hotel Franchising & 
Management revenues and are offset by the related expenses in order to calculate Hotel Franchising & Management operating income. The equity in 
the earnings or losses from the hotel franchising-related investment in affiliates is allocated to the Hotel Franchising & Management reportable 
segment. 
The Company evaluates its Hotel Franchising & Management reportable segment based primarily on the operating income of the segment without 
allocating corporate expenses or indirect general and administrative expenses. The Corporate & Other column includes the operations of the 
Company's ovmed1.-G-10.s. 
Intersegment Eliminations to revenues is the elimination of Hotel Franchising & Management revenue which includes royalty fees, management and 
cost reimbursement fees charged to our owned hotels against the franchise and management fee expense that is recognized by our owned hotels in 
Corporate & Other operating income (loss). 
Our President and Chief Executive Officer, who is our chief operating decision maker ("CODM"), utilizes budgeted and forecasted financial 
information as well as industry metrics, such as RevPar, Occupancy, and ADR, to assess the performance and to make resource allocation decisions. 
The CODM does not use assets by operating segment when assessing the performance or when making operating segment resource allocation 
decisions and therefore, assets by segment are not disclosed below. 
88 


Table of Contents 
The following tables presents the financial information for the Company's segments: 
(in thousands) 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 
Hotel Franchising & 
Management 
Corporate & 
Other Intersegment Eliminations Consolidated 
Revenues $ 1,472,535 $ 137,439 $ (13,181) $ 1,596,793 
Other Segment Items (1) 834,953 266,907 (13,181) 1,088,679 
Depreciation and amortization 34,520 25,195 59,715 
Operating income (loss) 603,062 (154,663) 448,399 
Reconciliation of segment profit or loss: 
Interest expense 91,148 
Interest income (6,237) 
Gain from an acquisition of a joint venture (100,025) 
Gain on sale of assets (713) 
Other gains, net (6,989) 
Equity in net loss of affiliates 14,324 
Income before income taxes 456,891 
(in thousands) 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 
Hotel Franchising & 
Management 
Corporate & 
Other Intersegment Eliminations Consolidated 
Revenues 1,470,592 $ 126,450 $ (12,203) $ 1,584,839 
Other Segment Items (') 857,843 223,473 (12,203) 1,069,113 
Depreciation and amortization 28,450 23,503 51,953 
Operating income (loss) 584,299 (120,526) 463,773 
Reconciliation of segment profit or loss: 
Interest expense 87,131 
Interest income (8,646) 
Loss on extinguishment of debt 331 
Other losses, net 1,641 
Equity in net gain of affiliates (12,329) 
Income before income taxes 395,645 
(in thousands) 
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 
Hotel Franchising & 
Management 
Corporate & 
Other Intersegment Eliminations Consolidated 
Revenues 1,444,394 $ 110,854 $ (11,083) $ 1,544,165 
artie r Ceampnt itgrnc (I) 9111A1 19'132121 (11(1Rq) 1 194 (199 
Depreciation and amortization 24,562 20,476 45,038 
Operating income (loss) 508,531 (133,503) 375,028 
Reconciliation of segment profit or loss: 
Interest expense 63,780 
Interest income (7,764) 
Gain on extinguishment of debt (4,416) 
Other gains, net (10,649) 
Equity in net gain of affiliates (2,879) 
Income before income taxes 336,956 
(0 Other segment items for the reportable segment include selling, general and administrative expenses and reimbursable expenses from franchised 
and managed properties. 
89 


Table of Contents 
For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the revenues generated by the international operations, including royalty fees, cost 
reimbursement revenues, partnership services and fees, and other revenues, were $117.8 million, $102.7 million, and $103.2 million, respectively. 
16. Commitments and Contingencies 
The Company is not a party to any litigation other than litigation in the ordinary course of business. The Company's management and legal counsel do 
not expect that the ultimate outcome of any of its current legal proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the 
Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
Contingencies 
The Company entered into various limited payment guaranties with regards to the Company's VIEs in order to support its efforts to develop and own 
hotels that are franchised under the Company's brands. Under these limited payment guaranties, the Company has agreed to guarantee a portion of the 
outstanding debt until certain conditions are met, such as (a) the loan matures, (b) certain debt covenants are achieved, (c) the maximum amount 
guaranteed by the Company is paid in full, or (d) the Company, through its affiliates, ceases to be a member of the VIE. As of December 31, 2025, the 
maximum unrecorded exposure of the principal associated with these limited payment guaranties was $38.5 million, plus unpaid expenses and accrued 
but unpaid interest. The Company believes the likelihood of having to perform under these guaranties is remote. In the event of performance, the 
Company has recourse for certain of the guaranties in the form of partial guaranties from third parties. 
Commitments 
The Company had the following outstanding commitments as of December 31, 2025: 
As part of the acquisition of Radisson Hotels Americas in August 2022, the Company entered into a long-term management arrangement, 
with an expiration date of July 31, 2031, to manage hotels owned by a third-party. As of December 31, 2025, the Company managed seven 
hotels pursuant to the long-term management arrangement. In conjunction with the management arrangement, the Company entered into a 
guarantee with the third-party to fund any shortfalls in the payment of the third-party owner's priority that is stipulated in the management 
agreement. As of December 31, 2025, no liability was recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2025, 
the Company recognized guarantee payments of $3.8 million in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of 
income. As of December 31, 2025, the maximum unrecorded exposure of the guarantee was $18.2 million. 
• The Company strategically deploys capital in the form of franchise agreement acquisition cost payments across our brands to incentivize 
franchise development. These payments are typically made at the commencement of construction or the hotel's opening, in accordance with 
agreed upon provisions in the individual franchise agreements. The timing and the amount of the franchise agreement acquisition cost 
payments are dependent on various factors, including the implementation of various development and brand incentive programs, the level of 
franchise sales, and the ability of our franchisees to complete construction or convert their hotels to one of the Company's brands. 
• The Company has committed to provide financing in the form of loans or credit facilities to franchisees for brand development efforts. As of 
December 31, 2025, the Company had remaining commitments of up to $3.5 million, if certain conditions are met. 
The Company's franchise agreements require the payment of franchise fees, which include marketing and reservation fees. In accordance 
with the terms of our franchise agreements, the Company is obligated to use the marketing and reservation revenues it collects from the 
current franchisees to provide marketing and reservation services that are appropriate to support the operation of the overall system. To the 
extent the reven"es , nllertPrl exPevi the expp.mtiares inenrreri the en ri,p,ny h„,A ,n„,,„irrnent tn flip fiimphkee systPm to m,ilCP 
expenditures in future years. Conversely, to the extent the expenditures incurred exceed the revenues collected, the Company has the 
contractual enforceable right to assess and collect such amounts from the franchisees. 
The Company has committed to purchase transferable production tax credits generated by qualified solar energy facilities for an aggregate 
purchase price of approximately $193 million over an eleven year period, from 2026 through 2036. The Company's commitments are 
contingent upon the satisfaction of certain legal and contractual conditions from the sellers, and the continued availability of the credits under 
federal tax laws. The Company expects to utilize these credits in the same quarter in which they are purchased, offsetting federal income tax 
estimated payments and reducing income tax expense each year. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into numerous agreements that contain standard indemnities whereby the Company 
indemnifies another party for breaches of representations and warranties. Such indemnifications are granted under various agreements, including those 
governing (i) purchases or sales of assets or businesses, (ii) leases of real estate, 
90 


Table of Contents 
(iii) licensing of trademarks, (iv) access to credit facilities, (v) issuances of debt or equity securities, and (vi) certain operating agreements. The 
indemnifications issued are for the benefit of the (i) buyers in sale agreements and sellers in purchase agreements, (ii) landlords in lease contracts, 
(iii) franchisees in licensing agreements, (iv) financial institutions in credit facility arrangements, (v) underwriters in debt or equity security issuances, 
and (vi) parties under certain operating agreements. In addition, these parties are also generally indemnified against any third-party claim resulting 
from the transaction that is contemplated in the underlying agreement. While some of these indemnities extend only for the duration of the underlying 
agreement, many survive the expiration of the term of the agreement or extend into perpetuity (unless subject to a legal statute of limitations). There 
are no specific limitations on the maximum potential amount of the future payments that the Company could be required to make under these 
indemnities, nor is the Company able to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of the future payments that could be made under these 
indemnifications as the triggering events are not subject to predictability. With respect to certain of the aforementioned indemnities, such as the 
indemnifications of the landlords against third-party claims for the use of real estate property leased by the Company, the Company maintains
insurance coverage that mitigates any potential liability. 
17. Acquisitions 
Choke Hotels Canada Acquisition 
On July 2, 2025, the Company completed the acquisition (the "Transaction") of the remaining 50% of the outstanding shares of Choice Hotels Canada, 
Inc. ("Choice Hotels Canada") and amended the existing master franchise agreement for a purchase price of approximately $114.5 million, inclusive of 
preliminary customary adjustments related to working capital and cash. The acquisition was funded with available cash and borrowings under the 
Company's senior unsecured revolving credit facility. Choice Hotels Canada franchises more than 26,000 rooms in Canada, which have historically 
been included in the Company's franchised hotel statistics as a result of the prior master franchise agreement. Choice Hotels Canada now has the 
ability to offer developers access to all of the Company's 22 hotel brands and brand extensions, including the Company's extended stay brands. Prior to 
the acquisition date, the Company owned 50% of the outstanding shares of Choice Hotels Canada, which was accounted for under the equity method 
of accounting and reported within investments in affiliates in the consolidated balance sheets. As a result of the Transaction, Choice Hotels Canada is 
now a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of the Company, and the Transaction was accounted for as a business combination using the 
acquisition method. 
In connection with the Transaction, the Company remeasured the value of its previously held 50% equity investment to its acquisition date fair value 
of $114.5 million, which resulted in a gain of approximately $100.0 million that is reported within gain from an acquisition of a joint venture in the 
consolidated statements of income. The fair value of the previously held equity investment was determined using a market approach based on the cash 
consideration exchanged for the newly acquired 50% equity interest. 
The following is a summary of the purchase consideration transferred: 
Purchase Consideration 
(in thousands) 
Cash consideration transferred for the newly acquired interest 
Fair value of the previously held interest 
Effective settlement of intercompany payables 
Total consideration, including previously held interest 
$ 114,470 
114,470 
3,280 
232,220 
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recognized transaction and transition costs of $2.2 million in business combination, diligence 
and transition costs in the consolidated statements of income. 
Preliminary Fair Values of the Assets Acquired and the Liabilities Assumed 
The Company allocated the purchase price based upon a preliminary assessment of the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed on 
July 2, 2025. The preliminary fair values are based on management's estimates and assumptions, using the best infonnation available at the time of this 
filing. The final valuation and related allocation of the purchase price will be completed no later than 12 months after the closing date of the 
acquisition. The final acquisition accounting adjustments could be materially different and may include (1) changes in the allocations to the intangible 
assets as well as goodwill, and (2) other changes to assets and liabilities, such as working capital. The preliminary allocation of the purchase price is as 
follows: 
91 


Table of Contents 
(in thousands) July 2, 2025 
Assets acquired 
Cash and cash equivalents 44,356 
Accounts receivable 10,706 
Income taxes receivable 149 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets 335 
Operating lease right-of-use assets 358 
Intangible assets 150,665 
Total assets acquired 206,569 
Liabilities assumed 
Accounts payable 5,235 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 1,926 
Deferred revenue - current 333 
Liability for guest loyalty program - current 7,194 
Deferred income taxes 38,045 
Long-term deferred revenue 1,845 
Operating lease liabilities 358 
Liability for guest loyalty program - noncurrent 5,607 
Total liabilities assumed 60,543 
Fair value of net assets acquired 146,026 
Goodwill 86,194 
Total consideration, including previously held interest 232,220 
Identified Intangible Assets 
The following table presents the estimated fair values of the acquired identified intangible assets and their estimated useful lives: 
Estimated Useful Life Estimated Fair Value 
(in years) (in thousands) 
Reacquired territory rights 
Franchise agreements 
Total intangible assets 
38 76,523 
12 74,142 
150,665 
The reacquired territory rights represent the reacquired rights for the use of certain Choice brands within Canada. The fair value of the reacquired 
territnry  riahts and the franchise noreements %vac ectirnntesi using n multi-pa:wind exrecc enrningc rnethnri, which is n vnrintinn of the inenme npprnneh. 
This method uses the present value of the incremental after-tax cash flows attributable to the intangible asset in order to estimate the fair value. This 
valuation methodology utilizes Level 3 inputs, and the Company is continuing to assess the assumptions used in estimating these values as well as the 
respective useful lives, which could result in changes to the provisional values. 
Income Taxes 
As the Transaction is accounted for as a business combination, deferred tax assets and liabilities are generally recognized on the differences between 
the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed and the tax bases of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed in the business 
combination. The Transaction consists of a foreign entity, so the Company asserts an indefinite reinvestment and has not recorded a deferred tax 
liability on the outside basis difference in its investment. 
Pro Forma Results of Operations 
The following unaudited pro forma information presents the combined results of operations of Choice and Choice Hotels Canada as if the Company 
had completed the Transaction on January 1, 2024, but using the preliminary fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as of the 
acquisition date. The unaudited pro forma information reflects adjustments relating to (i) the allocation of the purchase price and related adjustments, 
including the incremental amortization expense based on the preliminary fair values of the intangible assets acquired, (ii) the incremental impact of the 
senior unsecured revolving credit facility draw on interest expense, (iii) nonrecurring transaction costs, and (iv) the income tax impact of the 
aforementioned pro forma adjustments. 
92 


Table of Contents 
As required by GAAP, these unaudited pro forma results do not reflect any cost saving synergies from operating efficiencies. Accordingly, these 
unaudited pro forma results are presented for informational purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of what the actual results of operations of 
the combined company would have been if the Transaction had occurred at the beginning of the period presented, nor are they indicative of the future 
results of operations. 
Year Ended December 31, 
(In thousands) 
Revenues 
Net income (I) 
2025 2024 
(I) The gain on the previously held 50% equity interest in Choice Hotels Canada is excluded from the pro forma results of operations. 
1,613,116 $ 
268,603 $ 
1,623,945 
296,040 
Choice Hotels Canada Results of Operations 
The Company's consolidated statements of income include Choice Hotels Canada's results of operations since the July 2, 2025 acquisition date. 
Choice Hotels Canada contributed $24.9 million and $9.4 million in total revenues and net income, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 
2025. 
Goodwill 
The $86.2 million of goodwill recognized is primarily attributable to the value that the Company expects to realize from the existing customer base, 
cost synergies, and new agreements signed with new franchisees and developers. The goodwill for the Transaction is fully attributable to the Hotel 
Franchising & Management reportable segment and is not deductible for tax purposes. Refer to Note 5 for the reconciliation of the Company's 
goodwill balance. 
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
None. 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
Management's Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
The Company has a disclosure review committee whose membership includes the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer 
("CFO"), among others. The disclosure review committee's procedures are considered by the CEO and CFO in performing their evaluations of the 
Company's disclosure controls and procedures and in assessing the accuracy and completeness of the Company's disclosures. 
Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term 
is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the "Exchange Act"), as of the end of the period 
covered by this annual report as required by Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Our management, including our CEO and CFO, 
does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A 
control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives 
will be met. 
An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and 
operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Company's management, including the CEO and CFO, 
concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2025. 
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
There have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2025 that materially 
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
The management of Choice Hotels International, Inc. and its subsidiaries (together "the Company") is responsible for establishing and maintaining 
adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). The Company's internal 
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
93 


Table of Contents 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the 
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this 
assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal 
Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on management's assessment under those criteria, management concluded that the Company's internal 
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. 
ThA AfFrtntivAnegR etf thp rnmpsany'e intnrnal  nnntrril nvetr fi nancial reparting aa nfl -MeAmhor 'A 1 9.119.5 tine hem antliterl by Prnet R. Vrmnn T .T .1) an 
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
94 


Table of Contents 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
We have audited Choice Hotels International, Inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 
framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Choice Hotels International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, 
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on the COSO criteria. 
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2025 
consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 19, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
Basis for Opinion 
The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the 
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial 
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public 
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing 
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we 
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's 
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide 
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have 
a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the 
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
Tysons, Virginia 
February 19, 2026 
95 


EXHIBIT D 
 

1 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
04/26 
«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» 
«Brand_Name» 
 
 
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
THIS AGREEMENT  (“Agreement”) is made in Maryland, effective as of ____ _________________ 
(“Effective Date”), between Choice Hotels International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“we” or “us”), and 
«LIC_BLOCK» (“you”). 
 
We and you agree as follows: 
 
1. Definitions. In addition to the terms that are defined in other parts of this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the indicated meanings: 
 
a. “Brand Mark” means the trademark and trade name «Brand_Name»® and the logo designated 
by us for use in association with the Hotel (including designs, stylized letters, colors and other elements 
that we permit you to use at the Hotel and in advertising for the Hotel) and/or any other trademarks,  trade 
names, trade dress, service marks or logos (whether registered or not), or any domain name, as we may 
require from time to time to be used in connection with the Hotel.  
 
b. “Choice Marks” means collectively all of our trademarks and trade names, including, but not 
limited to, the Brand Mark, the trademarks and trade names ASCEND®, ASCEND COLLECTION®, 
CAMBRIA®, CHOICE®, CHOICE HOTELS® , CLARION®, CLARION HOTEL®, CLARION HOTEL & 
SUITES®, CLARION INN®, CLARION INN & SUITES®, CLARION SUITES®, CLARION RESORT®, 
CLARION COLLECTION®, CLARION POINTE®,  COMFORT®, COMFORT INN®, COMFORT INN & 
SUITES®, COMFORT SUITES®, COMFORT HOTEL®, COMFORT RESORT®, COUNTRY INN & 
SUITES®
 BY RADISSON , ECONO LODGE®, ECONO LODGE INN & SUITES®, EVERHOME®, 
EVERHOME SUITES®, MAINSTAY®, MAINSTAY SUITES®, PARK INN®  BY RADISSON , PARK 
PLAZA®, QUALITY®, QUALITY INN®, QUALITY INN & SUITES®, QUALITY SUITES®, QUALITY 
HOTEL®, QUALITY RESORT®, RADISSON®, RADISSON BLU®, RADISSON INDIVIDUALS®, 
RADISSON COLLECTION®, RADISSON INN & SUITES™, RADISSON RED®, RODEWAY INN®, 
RODEWAY INN & SUITES®, SLEEP®, SLEEP INN®, SLEEP INN & SUITES®, SUBURBAN®, 
SUBURBAN STUDIOS®, WOODSPRING®, WOODSPRING SUITES®, and the names of our Property 
Management System and Reservation System, together with all related logos, trade dress, and any other 
additional or substituted trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos (whether registered or not) 
currently owned, licensed or used by us or that we later adopt, purchase or develop. 
 
c. "Construction Start" means the date that bona fide pouring of footings for the Hotel begins at 
the Location in the case of a hotel to be constructed or the date that renovations begin in the case of an 
existing hotel that is to be Substantially Renovated. “Substantially Renovated” means as defined below. 
 
d. “Designated Representative” means the person designated by you to represent you on all 
matters relating to this Agreement and to receive notices under this Agreement on your behalf. Unless you 
change the Designated Representative in accordance with Section 15 of this Agreement, your Designated 
Representative is «LR1_NAME_FULL» whose address is «LR1_ADDRESS1» «LR1_ADDRESS2» 
«LR1_ADDRESS3», «LR1_CITY», «LR1_STATE» «LR1_POSTAL» and «LR2_NAME_FULL» whose 
address is «LR2_ADDRESS1»  «LR2_ADDRESS2»«LR2_ADDRESS3», «LR2_CITY», «LR2_STATE» 
«LR2_POSTAL». 
 
e. “Gross Room Revenues” means all revenues from the rental, sale, in- kind exchange, use or 
occupancy of any of the Rentable Rooms (with no reduction for chargebacks, credit card service charges, 
group booking rebates, or bad debts), for whatever purpose, including cash and credit transactions, whether 
or not collected by you.  Gross room revenues includes revenue derived from the redemption of points or 

2 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
rewards under any loyalty program, amounts attributable to breakfast (where the guest room rate includes 
breakfast), guaranteed no show revenue, early departure fees, late checkout fees, day use revenue, 
attrition or cancellation fees collected from unfulfilled reservations for Sleeping Rooms,  proceeds from any 
business interruption insurance, as required by Section 12 of this Agreement, and other revenues allocable 
to rooms revenue under the then -current Uniform System of Accounting for the Lodging Indust ry or such 
accounting methods specified by us in the Rules and Regulations. Gross Room Revenues also includes 
the full market value of any Rentable Room (based on the average daily rate for a comparable room on the 
applicable night) that is provided at a s ubstantial discount compared to the lowest bookable rate on the 
applicable night in exchange for other items, goods, services, or other consideration.  It does not include 
sales tax, hotel occupancy tax, or any other taxes or fees that you are legally required to collect on behalf 
of any state or local government agency.  It also does not include revenues from telephone calls, movie 
rentals, vending machines, room service or food and beverages sales. 
 
f. “Hotel” means the property located at «PROP_ADDR1», «PROP_ADDR2» «PROP_CITY», 
«PROP_ST» «PROP_ZIP» ("Location") and includes the building, land and all improvements, structures, 
fixtures, amenities, equipment, furniture and related rights, privileges and properties at such Location. 
 
g. “Hotel Supplies ” means all furniture, fixtures, equipment (including, without limitation, 
computers, printers, telephones and facsimile machines), signs, amenities and other supplies used in the 
construction, renovation, maintenance and operation of the Hotel. 
 
h. “Meeting Rooms” means the total number of meeting, conference and/or banquet or similar 
rooms generally available for rent in the Hotel, subject to change only in accordance with Section 8, below.  
 
i. “Opening Date” means the date that you begin to rent any portion of the Rentable Rooms under 
this Agreement with our authorization pursuant to Section 6(s)(5) and as further defined in Section 6(s)(6). 
 
j. “Other Choice Brand Hotels ” means hotels other than the Hotel that are authorized by us to 
use the Choice Marks, our System, and our Intellectual Property (as defined in Section 7). 
 
k. “Property Management System” means the then-current version of the automated system that 
we will license to you on a non-exclusive basis to assist you to operate and manage the Hotel and to capture 
all data and record all transactions entered into by you and the Hotel in connection with the operation of the 
Hotel, including all transactions relating to the Rentable Rooms. 
 
l. “Rentable Rooms” means the Sleeping Rooms and the Meeting Rooms, collectively.  
 
m. “Reservation System” means the then-current methods and automated systems that we use 
(including our call centers and any and all related telecommunications systems, e- commerce tools and 
techniques, websites or mobile applications, tablet reservation applications, interfaces with global 
distribution systems (including travel agencies), interfaces with other internet reservations sites (such as 
online travel agencies), call-forwarding or call-transfer programs and techniques or similar tools or methods 
used by us as modified fro m time to time) to take, hold, honor, and report advance reservations that are 
made in connection with the use of the Rentable Rooms at the Hotel and at the Other Choice Brand Hotels.   
 
n. “Rules and Regulations ” means our then- current brand rules and regulations, as updated 
and/or modified by us in our discretion from time to time (and any supplements) and brand guidelines 
(including any manuals or policies that we may make available), which may contain, among other things, 
our standards and requirements for constructing, equipping, furnishing, supplying, operating, maintaining 
and marketing the Hotel. The Rules and Regulations shall apply to all hotels operating under the Brand 
Mark.  
 
o. “Sleeping Rooms” means the number «ROOM_CNT», which is and shall be the total number 
of rentable sleeping rooms in the Hotel, subject to change only in accordance with Section 8, below. 
 
p.  “Substantially Renovated” means the existing building is to be re-constructed on the interior in 

3 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
all areas (public spaces, guestrooms, and bathrooms) down to the concrete or stud walls (or drywall, if in 
good condition), including replacement of all (or substantially all) floors and ceilings.  
 
q. “ System” means our then-current concepts and methods for providing hotel accommodations 
with a high standard of service, courtesy and cleanliness using the Choice Marks and any trade secrets 
and includes our Property Management System and Reservation System, our loyalty program, our business 
referral, gift card and credit card agreements, this Agreement, the Rules and Regulations, and those 
identifying brand characteristics as we may from time to time reasonably designate.  
  
2. Grant of License. Subject to your compliance with all of your obligations under this Agreement, 
we grant to you a non -exclusive, limited, revocable license to use (without the right to sublicense) our 
System and the Brand Mark to operate the Hotel during the Term. You do not have the right to use any of 
the Choice Marks other than the Brand Mark in connection with the operation of the Hotel , except as 
expressly authorized by us in writing. We, for ourselves and our affiliates, retain all rights and discr etion 
with respect to the Brand Mark and the System, including, but not limited to, those specified in Section 
19(b).  
 
3. Term . The term of this Agreement (“Term”) begins on the Effective Date and ends on the date that 
is 20 years after the Opening Date. You have no right or option to renew this Agreement or extend the 
Term. If the Hotel is a hotel that is to be newly constructed (as we determine in our sole discretion), then 
both you and we shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, and as a matter of 
right, on the 10th and 15th anniversaries of the Opening Date. If the Hotel is not a hotel that is to be newly 
constructed, then both you and we shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, 
and as a matter of right, on the 5th, 10th and 15th anniversaries of the Opening Date. You or we may only 
exercise such termination right by giving prior written notice to the other party, provided, that you may not 
exercise your termination right under this Section 3 unless you have paid all fees and charges due under 
this Agreement (and all related agreements, including any promissory notes or other incentive agreements, 
and any agreements relating to the use of our System) at the time you give us notice and at the time of the 
proposed termination. The written notice required by this Section 3 shall be given at least 12 months prior 
to the date that the proposed termination as a matter of right would be effective. If you elect to terminate 
this Agreement in accordance with this Section 3, you must continue to remain current on all fees and 
charges under this Agreement through the date of such termination in order for your termination to be 
effective. Any termination in accordance with this Section 3 will not be subject to liquidated damages as 
described in Section 10(d)(2) as long as you are not in default of the Agreement at the time you exercise 
your option to terminate this Agreement. 
 
4. Fees and Reports. 
 
a. Affiliation Fee. By no later than the date you sign this Agreement, you will pay us an affiliation 
fee of «AFFIL_FEE».00 (“Affiliation Fee”), which is non-refundable except as provided in this Section 4(a). 
The Affiliation Fee is fully earned upon our receipt, whether or not you open the Hotel. If we do not sign this 
Agreement for any reason, any monies that you have paid to us towards the Affiliation Fee, less $5,000, 
will be refunded to you. 
 
b. Monthly Fees. Beginning on the Opening Date, you will pay us for each month during the Term 
each of the following monthly fees (collectively, “Monthly Fees”): 
 
1. Royalty Fee . A royalty fee of 6.0 % of the preceding month’s Gross Room Revenues 
(“Royalty Fee”) in consideration for the license granted to you in Section 2; 
 
2. Marketing and Reservation Fee. A marketing and reservation fee of 3.5% of the preceding 
month’s Gross Room Revenues for the ongoing development, maintenance and upgrading of the 
Reservation System, and for advertising, publicity, public relations, marketing, promotional programs, 
website maintenance, reservations and other similar services that we will provide to you under this 
Agreement and for our System as further described in Section 19(h)  below, as we determine in our sole 
discretion (collectively, the “Marketing and Reservation Fee”). The Marketing and Reservation Fee does not 

4 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
constitute payment for the license or right to use any computer software or computer systems, including but 
not limited to, the Reservation System, or for the license or right to use the Brand Mark or any other Choice 
Intellectual Property. You acknowledge and agree that (i) we may increase the Marketing and Reservation 
Fee due to cost increases attributable to inflation, increases in the costs of advertising, publicity, public 
relations or marketing, additional costs of implementing new or improved programs or systems, or increases 
in our cost of providing the Reservation System or any of the other aspects of our System, so long as the 
increases apply to all or most of the U.S. hotels that are authorized to use the Brand Mark; (ii) we may assess 
additional fees and charges for various components of the System and other services (including promotional 
programs and use of proprietary software) as described in this Agreement and the Rules and Regulations; 
and (iii) we may advance monies for the purposes described herein in an amount reasonably necessary to 
ensure the provision of such services whether or not sufficient Marketing and Reservation Fee s are then 
available and subsequently obtain reimbursement of such advances by utilizing future Marketing and 
Reservation Fees  or through the fee increases described above, provided that such increases shall be 
limited to the amount needed to recover the previous monies advanced; and 
 
3. Other Fees and Commissions. Such other fees and commissions described in the Rules 
and Regulations which are reasonably charged by us in connection with the rights and obligations granted 
under this Agreement.  
 
c. Payments and Reports. Beginning on the Opening Date, within 3 days after the end of each 
calendar month during the Term, you will send us a statement on a form to be determined by us showing 
the Gross Room Revenues, occupancy and other related information that we request for the immediately 
preceding month or, in the alternative, at our election, we will gather the Gross Room Revenues, occupancy 
and other related information through any automated information reporting systems we establish. In the 
event we elect to have you send us a statement of the Gross Room Revenues, you will certify that your 
reports are true and accurate. If we elect to have you send us a statement of the Gross Room Revenues, 
and you do not send us the required reports on time, we will estimate your Gross Room Revenues for 
interim billing purposes, and you must pay us a late charge of 1.5% of your previous month's Monthly Fees. 
If we elect to gather the Gross Room Revenues through our automated reporting systems, and we are 
unable for whatever reason to obtain an accurate report of the Gross Room Revenues, we will estimate 
your Gross Room Revenues for interim billing purposes. Interim bills will be considered accurate until we 
receive any late monthly reports or acquire accurate information through our automated reporting systems, 
as appropriate. We will bill you for the Monthly Fees (and interest or other penalty, if any) due under this 
Agreement each month, and you will pay us those amounts by the 25
th day of the same month. You agree 
that timely payment of the Monthly Fees and any other amounts and fees due to us is of the essence for 
the purposes of this Agreement. You also agree that we may apply payments that you make in any order 
we determine regardless of any contrary language you may indicate. You agree to  participate in 
computerized or automated information reporting programs and make all payments via electronic fund 
transfer programs that we adopt for use by hotels that are authorized to use our System. Y ou agree to 
make the necessary arrangements with your bank to participate in the electronic fund transfers or 
centralized payment processing programs we require, and you agree to purchase computer hardware, 
computer software and related telephone or other network services reasonably required in order to properly 
participate in these programs.  You are required to pay all amounts due to us and/or our affiliates by 
electronic fund transfer, pre-authorized auto-draft arrangement (“EFT”), or such other method as we may 
specify from time to time. 
 
d. Hotel Data.  You will, in a manner and form satisfactory to us and utilizing accounting and 
reporting standards as reasonably required by us, prepare on a current basis (and preserve for no less than 
7 years), complete and accurate records concerning Gross Room Revenues and all financial, operating, 
marketing, and other data collected by us or a third party on aspects of the Hotel specified by us from time 
to time (“Hotel Data”) and maintain an accounting system which fully and accurately reflects all financial 
aspects of the Hotel and its business. The Hotel Data includes, but is not limited to,  all bank statements, 
federal tax returns, state tax returns, local occupancy tax returns, daily revenue reports, monthly and annual 
revenue summary reports, maid logs, guest registration folios, guest complaints, guest satisfaction survey 
results,
 any other operating reports or contracts regarding the occupancy of guest and meeting rooms, and 
complete annual financial statements (profit and loss statements, balance sheets and cash flow 

5 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
statements). The Hotel Data will be maintained at the Hotel, or, if you notify us in writing, at an alternate 
location suitable for inspection by us.  All Hotel Data must be kept separate and apart from all other data. 
Nothing in the foregoing shall limit us from reviewing Hotel Data that is older than 7 years or from recovering 
amounts owed to us from any period of time. 
 
e. Financial Statements and Audit . If we request in writing, you will send us copies of the Hotel 
Data and financial statements certified by you as true and accurate (including a profit and loss statement, 
balance sheet, cash flow statement, or such other financial data or reports as we may request, in a form 
satisfactory to us) for the Hotel for the prior fiscal year (or other time period), and you will have the Gross  
Room Revenues or other monies due hereunder computed and certified as accurate by a certi fied public 
accountant. During the Term and for 7 years afterward, we and our authorized representatives will have 
the right to verify information required under this Agreement by requesting, receiving, inspecting, copying 
and auditing the Hotel Data and any and all records or documents related to the Hotel Data wherever they 
may be located. If any inspection or audit discloses a deficiency in any payments due hereunder, you must 
pay us all deficiencies plus interest at the rate indicated in Section 4(f),  below. If the deficiency in any 
payment is willful or exceeds 5% of the correct amount, you will also immediately pay to us the entire cost 
of the inspection and audit, including travel, lodging, meals, salaries, professional fees and other expenses 
of the inspecting or auditing personnel.  
 
f. Interest. You will pay us interest on all charges, costs , fees and amounts due under this 
Agreement but not paid on time at the rate of 1.5% per month, but not more than the maximum interest rate 
permitted by applicable law. 
 
5. Our Duties. We will during the Term: 
 
a. Rules and Regulations. Make available to you an electronic copy of the Rules and Regulations; 
  
b. Quality Assurance. Administer quality assurance programs as described in the Rules and 
Regulations that may include periodic visits to the Hotel (by us or authorized third parties ) and/or guest 
satisfaction surveys and guest reviews to evaluate your compliance with this Agreement and the Rules and 
Regulations and advise you of any defaults and on changes that you must make at your expense to the 
Hotel or its operations to comply with this Agreement or the Rules and Regulations; 
 
c. System Services. (i) Allow you to use the Property Management System and the Reservation 
System, (ii) provide marketing services, such as national, international and regional advertising, 
promotional programs, publicity, marketing research, and other related marketing ac tivities, that we 
reasonably determine are appropriate for the promotion of the Hotel, our System and the Other Choice 
Brand Hotels; and (iii) periodically make available to the traveling public a directory or other listing of all 
hotels which are in good standing and that are authorized to use our System, which may be provided in an 
electronic format, including on the Internet, in our sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that we may 
combine the services that we will provide to you in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), above, with other hotels that are 
authorized to use the Brand Mark and/or our System, or other hotels that we or our affiliates operate in our 
sole, but reasonable, discretion, including those associated with any of the Choice Marks . You also 
acknowledge and agree that we will not be obligated to permit or assist in making reservations for the Hotel 
for any dates following the scheduled date of expiration or termination of this Agreement,  or during any 
period in which your rights are suspended under Section 10(c) of this Agreement; and 
 
d. Consultation. Make available to you, at our discretion, additional consultation and services to 
assist you to construct, renovate, maintain, operate, and/or market the Hotel on the same basis as provided 
to other hotels that are authorized to use our System under the Brand Mark; we reserve the right to charge 
you reasonable fees that we may establish in advance or on a project-by-project basis for such consultation 
and services. Any guidance, recommendations, or advice provided to you during such consultation shall be 
deemed suggestions only, and the decision to follow any such guidance, recommendations, or advice will 
be made by you in your sole discretion. 
 
6. Your Duties. Without limitation to anything else in this Agreement, at your expense, you will during 

6 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
the Term: 
 
a. Compliance with Rules and Regulations. Comply with the requirements of this Agreement and 
the Rules and Regulations, which you acknowledge we may modify and/or update in our sole discretion 
from time to time, and not disclose this Agreement or the Rules and Regulations (including any copies of 
the Rules and Regulations that are no longer the then- current version) to anyone except your authorized 
employees (or the employees of your management company, if authorized by us), or your attorneys, 
accountants, or lenders, or on an as-needed basis;  
 
b. Good Repair; Safe and Secure. Construct, renovate, operate, furnish, maintain and advertise 
the Hotel according to this Agreement and the Rules and Regulations; undertake all repairs, cleaning, 
redecoration, repainting, and replacement of obsolete or outdated Hotel Supplies; take such other 
corrective action as is necessary to maintain the Hotel interior and exterior, including any parking areas and 
food and beverage facilities, in a clean, sound, and attractive condition and good repair at all times ; and 
operate the Hotel in a safe and secure manner that optimizes public health and safety. You are solely 
responsible for determining and addressing all safety concerns relating to the condition of the Hotel and 
surrounding areas; 
 
c. Ethical Standards; Performance. Establish and maintain a high ethical and moral standard in 
connection with your operation of the Hotel and not allow or sponsor any activity at the Hotel that could 
reasonably be determined to negatively impact the Brand Mark, the Choice Marks, our Syst em, the Other 
Choice Brand Hotels or our business reputation; operate the Hotel in a professional manner that meets or 
exceeds the generally accepted standards of performance of leading hotel operators in the industry, 
including any and all communications and interactions with employees and agents of Choice; refrain from 
disparaging or encouraging others to disparage Choice or its officers, directors, or employees, or otherwise 
making derogatory comments or statements, orally or in writing, concerning Choice’s or its officers’, 
directors’, or employees’ character or business practices intending to harm Choice’s or such individual’s 
goodwill, reputation or standing; 
d. Compliance with Laws; Limited Use. Comply with all local, state, and federal laws, rules, 
regulations and agency orders , and obtain all required permits and licenses,  applicable to you, your 
employees, or the construction, renovation, operation, maintenance or promotion of the Hotel (including, 
but not limited to, all labor and employment laws), and not permit the Hotel to be used for any purpose or 
activity that is unlawful or that is not contemplated by this Agreement or the Rules and Regulations;  
 
e. Training. Comply with our training requirements by ensuring that you and the Hotel’s general 
manager(s) attend (at the times required by us) our then- current training programs, including our annual 
convention for hotels authorized to use the System (“Training Programs”) and pay the cost of tuition, living 
expenses, and travel expenses associated with attendance at the Training Programs by you and the Hotel’s 
general manager(s) and other attendees. You understand and agree that you will be solely responsible for 
training your employees in the operation of the Hotel; 
 
f. Signage. Obtain and display prominently at the Hotel our approved interior and exterior signage 
in compliance with the Rules and Regulations, which may be modified from time to time in our sole 
discretion, and maintain the signage in a clean and attractive condit ion, and in good working order at all 
times.  You must procure applicable insurance and must ensure the safe and proper installation of all 
required signage from our Qualified Vendor or a vendor we have approved; 
 
g. Property Management and Reservation Systems. Use the Property Management System (and 
the equipment, networks, software and procedures (including hardware and software refresh requirements) 
that are described in the Rules and Regulations) to operate and manage the Hotel and in connection with 
all guest transactions (including all transactions relating to the Rentable Rooms), and use our Reservation 
System to accept, hold, honor and track all reservations for the Rentable Rooms. You understand and 
agree that your use of the Property Management System is governed by a separate agreement, as we may 
modify and/or update from time to time (“ ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use”), which 
ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use are expressly incorporated herein by reference and made a part 

7 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
of this Agreement, and you agree that you will abide by such ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use and 
pay all applicable fees described in the Rules and Regulations. You also acknowledge and agree that we 
and you have ownership rights in the data used or generated by the Property Management System or the 
Reservation System; 
 
h. Evaluation. Allow us (or any third party authorized by us) to enter the Hotel at any reasonable 
time to evaluate your compliance with this Agreement , the Rules and Regulations , and any quality 
assurance program we administer either directly or through an authorized third party. During such visit, you 
will assist us (or the  authorized third party) in such manner as is required for us (or the  authorized third 
party) to conduct our evaluation and, subject to availability, provide us (or the authorized third party) with 
one free Sleeping Room for one night . In addition, you agree that we (or the authorized third party) may 
evaluate your compliance with this Agreement, the Rules and Regulations, and any quality assurance 
program we administer, remotely and/or through data obtained from guest satisfaction surveys or programs. 
You agree to take at your expense all steps necessary to correct any deficiencies identified in our evaluation 
within the time periods that we reasonably specify; 
 
i. Rate Information. Upon our request, and in the manner and format we specify, send us a written 
description of your Hotel and its then- current rates so that we may include this information in directories 
and other listings and information that we periodically make available to the public. If you do not send us 
changes to the information that you provide to us by the deadlines that we indicate, you will honor the rates 
and descriptive information on record at the time of the deadlines; 
 
j. Promotional Programs . Participate in and honor the terms of any loyalty, discount or 
promotional program and pay all applicable fees or charges associated with such programs (including any 
room discounts, rewards programs, frequent traveler programs, photographic or virtual t our programs or 
gift card programs that are applicable to the Hotel or Other Choice Brand Hotels) that we offer to the public 
on your behalf and any room rate quoted to any guest at the time the guest makes an advance reservation. 
You agree that you will take all action necessary (including the supply to us of all information and the 
purchase of any supplies, equipment or services) to participate in any loyalty, discount or promotional 
programs, and that you will grant  to and obtain for  us all necessary  consents and rights in and to any 
photographs, video and/or other marketing materials that we may require in order to reasonably undertake 
such promotional programs on behalf of the Hotel, and/or some or all of the Other Choice Brand Hotels; 
 
k. Travel Agent Commissions . Promptly pay all travel agent commissions and global  or other 
distribution system charges due from you in connection with the Hotel whether payable by you directly or 
collected by us on behalf of others, and abide by the Rules and Regulations related to travel agent and 
global distribution system procedures; 
 
l. System Referrals. Use your best efforts to maximize and increase the business of the Hotel, 
and if you are unable to accommodate a potential guest, refer the guest to Other Choice Brand Hotels that 
are near to the Hotel, if any; 
 
m.  ADA Certification. Ensure that the Hotel complies with the requirements of the Americans with 
Disabilities Act (“ADA”). Prior to the Opening Date, you will provide to us a certification from your architect, 
your general contractor, a consulting architect or you, on a form satisfactory to us, that the Hotel is in 
compliance with all applicable provisions of the ADA. The Hotel may not open, use the Brand Mark or our 
System until this certification is properly completed and delivered to us; 
 
n. Franchise Association. Join and maintain membership in a franchise association or body  
designated by us for hotels that are authorized to use the Brand Mark  or other designated Choice Marks  
(“Franchise Association”), and pay monthly Franchise Association dues to us (or our designee) in an 
amount we reasonably require. You acknowledge and agree that the purpose of any Franchise Association 
created, sponsored, or endorsed by us will be to, among other things , but without limitation: affect a high-
level relationship among all franchisees, and between individual franchisees and us, for the purpose of 
mutual advantage and cooperation; encourage a high performance level and cooperative action among all 
franchisees; advance new ideas, discuss System -wide issues and focus attention on various matters as 

8 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
they relate to a significant number of franchisees; encourage an exchange of operational and promotional 
ideas; and make appropriate recommendations to us to assure that our plans and policies enhance our 
mutual interests. However, you acknowledge and agree that we are not required to obtain the consent of 
any Franchise Association on these or any other matters and that the function of the Franchise Association 
is advisory only and not binding on us or others; 
 
o. Renovations. Undertake, at our written request,  and at your sole expense,  remodeling, 
renovations, and modifications to existing improvements, necessary to modernize and conform the Hotel 
to the Rules and Regulations or other requirements of our System (“ Renovations”) and sign a property 
improvement plan or other writing that we prepare to document your obligation to complete such 
Renovations. Within 90 days after receipt of our written request that your Hotel undergo Renovations, you 
will submit to us f or our review and approval, complete and professional drawings and plans for such 
Renovations before beginning any work to complete the Renovations. You will complete the required 
Renovations within the time reasonably specified by us in our written request. You acknowledge and agree 
that the obligations described in this Section 6(o) are in addition to your ongoing obligations to comply with 
Section 6(b) and Section 6(d);  
 
p. Identifying Information. Send us, before the Opening Date (and any time there is a change in 
any of the information), the following, as appropriate: (i) the legal name and business type (corporation, 
limited liability company, limited partnership, etc.) of the Hotel’s operating entity; (ii) its federal TIN (taxpayer 
identifying number); (iii) its state income tax account number(s); (iv) its state payroll t ax (withholding and 
unemployment tax) account number(s); (v) its state sales tax and occupancy tax account number(s); (vi) its 
local (county and city) occupancy tax account number(s) ; and (vii) any other information we reasonably 
request; 
 
q. Guest Complaints. Participate in, and pay all charges in connection with all required guest 
complaint resolution programs and ratings and review policies, which we may modify from time to time, as 
specified in the Rules and Regulations; 
 
r. Construction and Substantial Renovation Related Duties. If the Hotel has yet to be constructed 
or if the Hotel is to be Substantially Renovated: 
 
1. Site Control. Obtain ownership or control over the Hotel within 9 months after the Effective 
Date, and provide us by or before that deadline a site plan and such evidence of site control as we may 
reasonably request, including, but not limited to, a fully executed purchase and sale agreement or deed of 
trust (or warranty deed) or, if the Hotel is to be leased, an executed lease agreement giving you possession 
for the entire Term;  
 
2. Architectural and Design Plans. Ensure that your Preliminary Plans (as defined below) for 
the Hotel satisfy the Rules and Regulations and the then- current prototype design specifications for hotels 
that are authorized to use the Brand Mark and provide a copy of your Preliminary Plans to us for our review 
and approval at least 6  months before the Construction Start Deadline (as defined below). “ Preliminary 
Plans” means drawings and design plans that, in accordance with the American Institute of Architects best 
practices, provide clear direction regarding the design intent for the size and character of the entire project, 
including the following preliminary drawings: civil plans; architectural floor and roof plans; concept building 
sections and elevations; conceptual structural, mechanical, electrical, and plumbing plans; unique conditions 
that are site specific; room type matrix and gross square footage of each guest room; estimations of area 
tabulation, construction type for budget, and cost estimation.  You will provide to us final working drawings 
and final architectural designs for the Hotel for our review and approval  at least 3 months  before the 
Construction Start Deadline (“Final Plans”).  We agree to provide you with written notice of our review and 
determination of the Final Plans within 30 calendar days after the date we have received the Final Plans and 
agree that if we fail to provide you notice in accordance with this Section 6(r)(2), the Final Plans are deemed 
to be approved by us. If Construction Start does not commence by the Construction Start Deadline, then we 
have the right to require you to resubmit Final Plans for approval prior to Construction Start;  
 
3. Construction Start Timing and Extensions . Cause Construction Start to occur within 

9 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
18 months after the Effective Date (the “Construction Start Deadline”), and within 5 days after Construction 
Start, inform us in writing that Construction Start has occurred and provide us with such evidence as we may 
reasonably request  by or before that deadline.  If you do not cause Construction Start to occur by the 
Construction Start Deadline , you may request, prior to the Construction Start Deadline, an additional 
3 months for Construction Start. We are not obligated to extend the Construction Start Deadline. If we agree 
to extend the time for Construction Start beyond the original Construction Start Deadline, we may condition 
the same on any terms we determine, and you will pay us an extension fee of $5,000 for each 3 -month 
extension that we grant to you; 
 
4. Completion. Continue Hotel construction (or renovation) in accordance with the Preliminary 
and Final Plans, after Construction Start, without unreasonable interruption, until the Hotel is ready for our 
inspection. You must complete Hotel construction (or renovation), including furnishing, equipping, and 
preparing for opening, by the Opening Deadline (as defined in Section 6(s)(6)); and 
 
5. Progress Reports. Send us, when we request during construction (or renovation), reports 
showing the progress made toward completing Hotel construction (or renovation). 
 
s. Opening. Prior to the Opening Date: 
 
1. Use of Brand Mark. Use the Brand Mark only as permitted  in Section 7(c)  of this 
Agreement; 
 
2. Cooperation/Inspection. Cooperate with us, and require your architect, engineer, 
contractors and subcontractors to cooperate with us, and allow us to inspect the Location and the Hotel to 
determine whether construction (or renovation) satisfies the Rules and Regulations, the then- current 
prototype design specifications for hotels that are authorized to use the Brand Mark, and the Preliminary and 
Final Plans and/or the property improvement plan set forth in Attachment A (if applicable); 
 
3. Hotel Supplies . Order, purchase and/or lease and install all Hotel Supplies, related 
equipment, supplies and other required items to operate the Hotel; 
 
4. Advertising. Advertise the Hotel locally, at your expense and in a manner meeting our 
specifications; and 
 
5. Opening Authorization. Notify us in writing at least 30 days  before the Opening Date so 
that we can inspect, and if we reasonably determine it to be appropriate, authorize you to begin operating 
the Hotel under the Brand Mark and this Agreement.  You will not begin operation of the Hotel using the 
Brand Mark or our System until you have received our specific written authorization to do so; and 
 
6. Opening Deadline. Ensure that the Opening Date occurs within 12 months after the 
Construction Start Deadline (if the Hotel has yet to be constr ucted or if the Hotel is to be Substantially 
Renovated), or the deadline for completing pre- opening property improvement plan items  (if set forth in 
Attachment A) (“Opening Deadline”). 
 
t. Sources of Products and Services . Ensure that all  products and services sold or offered for 
sale at the Hotel, and other products, materials, supplies, paper goods, fixtures, furnishings and equipment 
used at the Hotel, meet our standards and specifications. You must also purchase all products and services 
that we designate in the Rules and Regulations solely from suppliers (including manufacturers, distributors 
and other sources) approved by us (collectively, “Qualified Vendors”), which demonstrate, to our continuing 
reasonable satisfaction, the ability to meet our standards and specifications, who possess adequate quality 
controls and capacity to supply your needs promptly and reliably, and who have been approved by us in 
writing. We reserve the right to require you to purchase any or all approved products or services solely from 
us or our designated affiliate, and who may profit from such purchases. We also reserve the right to receive 
a rebate or other benefit from Qualified Vendors based on purchases by you and other franchisees. If you 
desire to purchase designated products or services from a party other than a Qualified Vendor, you must 
submit to us a written request to approve the proposed supplier, together with such information as we may 

10 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
reasonably require. Among the criteria that we consider is the financial stability of the supplier, whether the 
product or service meets our standards and specifications, and whether the product or service is of use to 
our franchisees. Our complete written criteria are available for review upon your request. Where applicable, 
the proposed supplier must submit product samples and specifications to us. We will use our best efforts 
to notify the proposed supplier within 90 days after we receive all required information and samples, 
although a longer period may be required for certain products or services due to their cost or importance to 
the brand or their financial impact on our franchisees. We may revoke our approval of particular products 
or Qualified Vendors when we determine, in our sole discretion, that such products or suppliers no longer 
meet our standards or specifications. By entering into this Agreement, you consent to Choice sharing your 
contact information with Qualified Vendors who provide service s to franchisees under the Brand Mark. If 
such contact information is deemed “personal information” under state or federal law, and you do not want 
us to share this information, you agree to contact us. 
 
u. Confidential Information.   Maintain the absolute confidentiality of the Confidential Information 
(as defined below) during and after the term of this Agreement.  You agree that you: (i) will not use the 
Confidential Information in any capacity or business or purpose other than what is explicitly authorized 
under the terms of this Agreement; (ii) will not make unauthorized copies of any Confidential Information 
disclosed in written form or enter Confidential Information into artificial intelligence tools; and (iii) will adopt 
and implement all reasonable procedures we direct to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the 
Confidential Information. You shall divulge such Confidential Information only to such of your employees, 
attorneys, accountants, agents, lenders, or prospective purchasers of the Hotel  as must have access to it 
in order to operate, loan money in connection with, or purchase the Hotel. “Confidential Information ” 
includes the methods, techniques, formats, marketing and promotional techniques and procedures, 
specifications, information, Rules and Regulations, systems, costs and financial information that we 
communicate to you or that you otherwise acquire in operating the Hotel under the System.  Confidential 
Information does not include information, processes or techniques that are generally known to the public, 
other than through disclosure (whether deliberate or inadvertent) by you.  
 
7. Intellectual Property. 
 
a. No Ownership Rights. You acknowledge and agree that except as expressly permitted by this 
Agreement or any ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use, you do not have any right, title or interest in 
and to the Brand Mark or the Choice Marks, Rules and Regulations, System, our then-current concept and 
method for providing hotel accommodations using any of the Choice Marks, Property Management System, 
Reservation System, trade secrets or business methods (collectively, “ Intellectual Property”) and you will 
not contest our rights in and to such Intellectual Property or to current or future derivations of or 
improvements made to the Intellectual Property, nor our right to register our rights in the Intellectual 
Property or to grant to others the right to use the Intellectual Property or any other intellectual property that 
we own. You understand that the Intellectual Property will remain our property, and that your use of any 
portion of the Intellectual Property inures to our benefit. You also agree that you will not sub- license the 
Intellectual Property rights we have granted to you under this Agreement, to any other person or entity, and 
you will not use such Intellectual Property for any purpose other than in connection with the Hotel in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. You agree to assign and you do hereby assign any and all 
rights you or any other party working on your behalf may have or develop in the Intellectual Property at no 
cost to us. You acknowledge and agree that all rights to our Intellectual Property that have not been granted 
to you in this Agreement will remain ours.  
 
b. Limited Use; Web Sites. You acknowledge and agree that you will not include the Brand Mark 
(or any other Choice Marks), any words that constitute a portion of the Brand Mark (or any other Choice 
Marks), words that describe the Brand Mark (or any other Choice Marks), any portion of the names of our 
Property Management System or Reservation System, or anything confusingly similar to these marks or 
words (“Choice-Related Words”) in your name or the name of any of your affiliates, whether a partnership, 
corporation, limited liability company, joint venture or any other type of business organization, or as (or 
incorporated in) the name and/or design of any other building, business or business activity . You will not 
establish, or operate a previously established,  web site on the internet (or on any other network, wireless 
or otherwise) using any domain name (or other identifying characteristics) that contains any of the Choice-

11 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
Related Words, or any other portion of our Intellectual Property or anything similar to our Intellectual 
Property or which does not comply with our then -current domain name policy or our property website or 
mobile guidelines, internet distribution policy, or such similar policies or regulations adopted by us from time 
to time and made available to you. You acknowledge and agree that the restrictions on your use of the 
Choice-Related Words will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement and that  we retain the 
right to pre-approve your use of linking and framing between your internet (or other network) web pages 
and all other web sites. We have the right to determine and condition the content and use of online or 
electronic media associated with any of the Choice Marks. You may not participate in any website or other 
electronic media (including social media) that markets goods and services under the Choice Marks unless 
it is first approved in writing by us. 
 
c. Limited Use of Brand Mark . After the Effective Date but before the Opening Date, you may 
make the following limited use of the Brand Mark: 
 
1. Temporary Signs. No earlier than 90 days prior to the Opening Date, use the Brand Mark 
on a temporary sign, meeting our standards, at the Location advising the general public that a hotel 
authorized to use the Brand Mark is under construction; 
 
2. Local Media. No earlier than 90 days prior to the Opening Date, use the Brand Mark to 
promote the Hotel construction and opening in the local media; 
 
3. Supplies. No earlier than 90 days prior to the Opening Date, purchase operating supplies 
and equipment bearing the Brand Mark required for Hotel operation; and 
 
4. Permanent Signs. No earlier than 30 days before the Opening Date and only with our 
written consent, install permanent Hotel signs meeting our standards bearing the Brand Mark and the 
designated logo. 
 
d. Permitted Registration. If you are required by law to register any of our Intellectual Property, 
your registration application must specify that you will use our Intellectual Property: (i) only at the Hotel and 
in advertising for the Hotel; (ii) only during the Term; and (iii) without claiming any rights in and to the 
Intellectual Property during or after the Term. 
e. Notice of Suit; Injunctive Relief; Survival. You will promptly notify us of any suit filed or demand 
or claim made against you challenging the validity of our Intellectual Property (“ IP Claim”). Following the 
receipt of such notice from you and using our attorneys, we agree to defend you against any IP Claim, and 
to defend and indemnify you against your loss, cost or expense related to such IP Claim, except where 
such IP Claim arose because yo u used our Intellectual Property in violation of our domain name policy, 
property website guidelines, internet distribution policy, this Agreement, the ChoiceAdvantage Software 
Terms of Use, or the Rules and Regulations. You will not settle or compromise any IP Claim without our 
prior written consent, and you agree to cooperate with us in defending against any such IP Claim. In 
connection with such IP Claim, you acknowledge and agree that if at any time during the Term you do not 
immediately discontinue the use of our Intellectual Property (including the Brand Mark) or the Choice-
Related Words following our notice to you to discontinue such use, we will seek injunctive and equitable 
relief for your infringement (or use of the Choice- Related Words) and, in that event, you waive, to the 
maximum extent permitted by law, any requirement for any bond for the issuance of any injunction, and if 
a bond is required, you agree that it will not exceed $1,000. The provisions of this Section 7 will survive the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement. 
 
f. Changes to Brand Mark .  You agree and acknowledge that we have the right, in our sole 
discretion, to modify, add to, or discontinue use of the Brand Mark, or to substitute different proprietary 
marks, for use in identifying the System and/or the Hotel.  You shall promptly comply with such changes, 
revisions and/or substitutions, and bear all the costs of modifying your interior and exterior signage, 
advertising materials, interior graphics and any other items which bear the Brand Mark to conform therewith. 
 
g. Secondary Name. You acknowledge and agree that we may, at our sole discretion, designate 
a secondary name, geographic descriptor, or other identifying modifier for the Hotel (“Secondary Name”). 

12 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
You must use the assigned Secondary Name strictly in the form and manner we prescribe. We reserve the 
right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to create, approve, assign, modify, or withdraw any Secondary 
Name. You may submit a request for a specific  Secondary Name; however, all such requests are subject 
to our naming policies and may be approved, modified, or denied in our sole discretion. You must promptly 
implement any assigned Secondary Name and, upon our instruction, cease its use, in each case at your 
sole expense. Our approval of the Secondary Name does not take into account any potential third- party 
rights to the Secondary Name, and it is your sole obligation to comply with all applicable trademark, 
copyright, and related laws and regulations with respect to your use of the Secondary Name. You agree to 
immediately send us copies of any notices or letters received from any third party challenging or prohibiting 
your use of the Secondary Name or any portion thereof. You also acknowledge and agree that you are 
obligated to indemnify us from and against any Claim resulting from your use of the Secondary Name 
pursuant to Section 13 of the Agreement. 
 
8. Change in Sleeping Room Count . You may change the Sleeping Rooms by 5% or less by 
constructing additional (or removing) Sleeping Rooms, but only after providing prior written notice to us. If 
you wish to change the Sleeping Rooms by more than 5% by constructing additional (or removing) Sleeping 
Rooms or if you wish to make substantial alterations to the Hotel, you may not do so without our prior written 
consent, which may be conditioned on, among other things, our inspection of the Hotel and the applicable 
rooms. If we consent to your expansion of the Hotel or to substantial alterations to the Hotel, you must send 
us your construction plans and pay us an expansion fee for each addition to the number of Sleeping Rooms 
equal to the then- current per-room charge for hotels that are permitted to use the Brand Mark, but the 
expansion fee will be not less than $1,000. We will add any additional Sleeping Rooms or Meeting Rooms 
that you construct to the Rentable Rooms (or delete any Sleeping Rooms or Meeting Rooms that you 
remove from the Rentable Rooms), and you will include revenues from the additional Sleeping Rooms and 
any additional Meeting Rooms to calculate the Gross Room Revenues for determining the Monthly Fees 
due under this Agreement. 
 
9. Assignment. 
 
a. Our Assignment . We may sell or assign all or part of our rights or obligations under this 
Agreement to any person or legal entity  without having to provide prior notice to you or seek your prior 
consent. Any such sale or assignment will inure to the benefit of any assignee or other successor.  
 
b. Your Assignment. Your rights and duties under this Agreement are personal to you. We entered 
into this Agreement and granted the rights outlined in this Agreement to you in reliance on the business 
skill, financial capacity and personal character of you and your principal owners. You may not sell, assign, 
transfer, lease, or otherwise encumber any direct or indirect interest that you have in the Hotel, in you, or 
in any rights or obligations under this Agreement without giving us at least 15 days prior written notice and 
obtaining our prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Furthermore, if a 
Controlling Interest (as defined in Section 9(d)) of the originally approved ownership of the Hotel is being 
transferred or if you are conveying the Hotel or 50% or more of the undivided interest in the Hotel, you and 
the transferee must comply with all reasonable conditions we require before we will approve of such 
transfer, including, but not limited to,  (i) the transferee signing o ur then- current form of the franchise 
agreement for hotels that are authorized to use the Brand Mark, (ii) the transferee signing a property 
improvement plan or other writing that we prepare to document the transferee’s obligations to complete 
required Renovations (as defined in Section 6(o)), (iii) all of transferee’s owners signing our then-current 
form of personal guaranty agreement;  and (iv) payment of a re- licensing fee equal to the then- current 
affiliation fee we charge for new franchisees authorized to use the Brand Mark. We reserve the right to 
withhold our consent to any transfer if the Hotel fails to comply with our then -current brand image and 
standards or the transferee fails to demonstrate to our satisfaction that it meets our educational, managerial 
and business standards, possesses a good moral character, business reputation and credit rating, has the 
experience, aptitude and ability to operate the Hotel, and has adequate financial resources and capital to 
operate the Hotel. So long as you prom ptly provide us with written notice, our consent is not required for 
the following: (1) a mortgage, deed of trust or other encumbrance, pledge or other grant of security interest 
in any direct or indirect interests in you or the Hotel to an  unrelated and unaffiliated third party lender who 
is in the business of commercial lending or unrelated and unaffiliated bona fide third party preferred equity 

13 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
provider; or (2) the sale, assignment or transfer by you of securities in a publicly-traded corporation or entity 
that individually, or in the aggregate with other sales or transfers by you, constitute the sale or transfer of 
less than 5% of the outstanding capital stock or other equity interests in you or the Hotel.  If you assign or 
transfer the Hotel or any rights granted to you or your obligations under this Agreement without our written 
consent, you breach this Agreement and we may terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10(b)(2)(d). 
 
c. Transfer due to Death or Mental Incompetence; Transfer to Close Family Member . If you, or 
any natural person with an ownership interest in you, dies or becomes mentally incompetent, the executor, 
administrator, or personal representative of that person must transfer that person's ownership interest in 
you or the Hotel (within 12 months after death or determination of mental incompetence)  in accordance 
with Section 9(b) to one or more of the remaining persons in your entity (if applicable) or to heirs of the 
deceased person that we approve. If you wish to transfer your ownership interest in the Hotel to a Close 
Family Member that Close Family Member must demonstrate to us that he or she has both the financial 
ability and experience necessary to operate the Hotel as required by Section 9(b) before we will approve a 
transfer. For purposes of this Agreement, “Close Family Member” shall mean your adult spouse, parent, 
child, sibling, grandchild, or grandparent. No additional fees will be payable for any transfers of an 
ownership interest in the Hotel due to death or determination of mental incompetence. However, if you wish 
to transfer your ownership interest in the Hotel to a Close Family Member, an application fee (not to exceed 
$7,500) will be due to us, which will be fully refundable if we do not approve the transfer. Our approval (s) 
under this Section 9(c) will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
 
d. Controlling Interest . For purposes of this Agreement, “ Controlling Interest ” includes your 
interest if you are an individual and you own 50% or more ownership interest in the Hotel, any general 
partner’s interest in a partnership entity, 50% or more of the voting stock of a corporate entity, 50% or more 
of the ownership interests in a limited liability company, or a 50% or more undivided interest in the Hotel. 
 
10. Default and Termination. 
 
a. Termination By You. If we default in our material obligations under this Agreement, you may 
terminate this Agreement only if you first give us written notice of the defaults and of your intention to 
terminate this Agreement and we have not cured those defaults within 60 days after receiving your written 
notice. With regard to any defaults which are not reasonably capable of being cured within 60 days, the 
cure period shall be extended for a reasonable additional period of time provided that we have promptly 
commenced to cure or cause to be cured such default, and thereafter we diligently pursue our efforts in that 
regard. 
 
b.  Termination By Us. 
 
1. Termination with Notice and Opportunity to Cure. If you default in your material obligations 
under this Agreement, we may terminate this Agreement, effective on the date stated in our notice (or the 
earliest date permitted by applicable law) as follows: 
 
(a) Non-Payment of Fees. If you do not pay us the Monthly Fees or any other fees, charges 
and amounts due under this Agreement (including travel agent commissions and global distribution system 
fees) or file required monthly reports of Gross Room Revenues, within 10 days of our written notice of 
default to you; or 
 
(b) Other Breach. If you do not cure fully any other breach of your obligations or warranties 
under this Agreement, or any other agreement between you and us or our affiliates,  within 30 days of our 
written notice of default to you (or such longer period we designate in our sole discretion). 
 
(c) Cure Periods. You acknowledge and agree that we may, in our sole discretion, extend 
the time period for you to cure any default but are under no obligation to do so, and any such extension 
shall not constitute a waiver of the cure periods set forth in this Agreement. 
 
2. Immediate Termination Effective on Notice. Upon written notice to you, we may terminate 

14 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
this Agreement immediately, without giving you an opportunity to cure the default, if: 
 
(a) Imminent Threat. There is an imminent threat or danger to public health or the safety 
of persons or property resulting from the construction, renovation, maintenance, or operation of your Hotel; 
 
(b) Abandonment; Loss of Possession; Failure to Open. Subject to Section 14 of this 
Agreement, you stop operating the Hotel using the Brand Mark or according to the requirements of our 
System or this Agreement for any period of time, you abandon the Hotel  or you attempt to abandon or 
cease to operate the Hotel, you temporarily or permanently lose the right to possess the Hotel (including, 
without limitation, due to the appointment of a receiver or an event of condemnation), you lose the right to 
operate the Hotel, you fail to open the Hotel using the Brand Mark or in accordance with this Agreement, 
or you lose the right to transact business in the jurisdiction in which the Hotel is located; 
 
(c) Criminal Behavior. You (or a beneficial owner of you) are charged with or plead guilty 
to a felony, a fraud, a crime or offense involving moral turpitude or any other crime or offense that we 
reasonably believe is likely to have an adverse effect on the Brand Mark, the Choice Marks, our System, 
the Other Choice Brand Hotels, our business, our goodwill, our Intellectual Property, or our interest in this 
Agreement or any other instrument or agreement that we may have entered with you; 
 
(d) Transfer. You (or a beneficial owner of you) transfer or purport to transfer any rights or 
obligations under this Agreement, any Controlling Interest in you, your interest in the Hotel, or a Controlling 
Interest in the Hotel without our prior written consent, except as otherwise permitted under Section 9(b) or 
9(c) hereof or you enter into any agreement to sell, or sell, or purport or attempt to sell the real property 
upon which the Hotel is situated; 
 
(e) False Records. You maintain false books or records, send us false reports, or make 
any materially false statement in your franchise application or any other document you are required to 
submit to us; 
 
(f) Bankruptcy. You file a petition in bankruptcy, become insolvent, make a general 
assignment for the benefit of creditors, or are unable to pay your debts to creditors on a timely basis;  
 
(g) Insurance. You do not buy, maintain or send us evidence of insurance as required by 
this Agreement, or if we opt to procure, on your behalf, insurance required by this Agreement and you fail 
to reimburse us as we require under Section 12(f);  
 
(h) Multiple Defaults . We send you 2 or more written notices of default under this 
Agreement for the same or a similar cause or reason in any consecutive 12-month period during the Term, 
whether or not cured;  
 
(i) Construction. You do not (i) begin construction or renovation of the Hotel on or before 
the date required by Section 6(r)(3) of this Agreement, (ii) submit Preliminary and Final Plans to us for our 
approval prior to the Construction Start Deadline, and in accordance with Section 6(r)(2), or (iii) once begun, 
continue, without unreasonable interruptions, the construction or renovation of the Hotel;  
 
(j) Opening Deadline. You fail to open the Hotel by the Opening Deadline in accordance 
with Section 6(s)(6); 
 
(k) Property Improvement Deadline. You fail to complete required improvements and/or 
repairs to upgrade the Hotel by the deadline(s) set forth in a property improvement plan;  
 
(l) Goodwill. You engage in conduct that impairs the image, identity, value or goodwill 
associated with the Brand Mark (or any other Choice Marks) or the System;  
 
(m) Confidential Information. You make a material unauthorized disclosure of Confidential 
Information; or 

15 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
 
(n) Other Agreements. You or your affiliate (or a beneficial owner of you or your affiliate) 
materially breaches any other instrument or agreement with us or our affiliates, or any mortgage, deed of 
trust or lease covering the Hotel, unless cured within any applicable notice or grace periods contained in 
such document. 
 
c. Suspension of Franchise Rights . If you breach any material obligation required by this 
Agreement or are in default hereunder, we may, after 10 days from our written notice of default (or longer 
time required by law) for financial defaults, or after 30 days from our written notice of default (or longer time 
required by law) for non-financial defaults, or immediately in the case of a breach under Section 10(b)(2), 
above: (i) suspend any or all services that we (or our authorized representative) provide to you in connection 
with our System including your access to our Reservations System ; or (ii) suspend your right to use our 
Intellectual Property. In addition, while the default remains uncured, you will have no rights under the Impact 
Policy or the Fair Franchising Policy (as defined in Section 19(b)). In our sole discretion, we may reinstate 
the suspended System services or the right to use our Intellectual Property if you cure your default before 
this Agreement terminates and pay us the then-current reinstatement fee (as established in the Rules and 
Regulations). If we suspend System services or your right to use our Intellectual Property, we may use 
other remedies, including termination of this Agreement, after the appropriate time to cure, if any, has 
lapsed. 
 
d. Our Remedies.  
 
1. No System Services. If this Agreement expires or is terminated, we will cease to provide 
you with any services in connection with our System, which will include removal of the Hotel from any 
directories, websites, and other distribution channels, cessation of promotion programs and advertising, 
and cessation of your right to use our Intellectual Property. In addition, we may notify guests holding 
reservations that the Hotel is no longer authorized to use the Brand Mark, use our Intellectual Property or 
receive services in connection with our System, and we may relocate such guests upon their request.  
 
2. Liquidated Damages – Post-Opening Termination. If we terminate this Agreement pursuant 
to Section 10(b), or if you terminate or purport to terminate this Agreement, or if you cease operations of 
the Hotel for any reason, except pursuant to Section 3 or Section 10(a), after the Opening Date, you will 
pay us, within 30 days after termination, as liquidated damages  for unrealized Royalty Fees and not as a 
penalty for the premature termination of this Agreement, an amount equal to the product of (i) the average 
monthly Gross Room Revenues during the prior 12 full calendar months (or such shorter time that the Hotel 
has been open), multiplied by (ii) the maximum Royalty Fee payable under Section 4(b)(1), multiplied by 
(iii) the number of months (including partial months, which will be prorated) between the date of termination 
and the next date that you could have terminated this Agreement under Section 3, not to exceed 36 months. 
However, the product of (i) multiplied by (ii) will not be less than the product of $8 5.00 multiplied by the 
number of contractually approved Sleeping Rooms. 
 
3. Liquidated Damages – Pre-Opening Termination. If we terminate this Agreement pursuant 
to Section 10(b), or if you terminate or purport to terminate this Agreement for any reason, except pursuant 
to Section 3 or Section 10(a), prior to the Hotel opening with our authorization pursuant to Section 6(s)(5), 
you will pay us, within 30 days after the termination, as liquidated damages  for unrealized Royalty Fees  
and not as a penalty for the premature termination of this Agreement, an amount equal to the product of (i) 
the number of contractually approved Sleeping Rooms, multiplied by (ii) $85.00, multiplied by (iii) 36 
months.  
 
4. Reasonable Estimate. You acknowledge and agree that the injury to us caused by your 
breach of this Agreement and its termination is difficult or impossible to accurately estimate, and that the 
methods of calculating liquidated damages in Sections 10(d)(2), 10(d)(3), and 11(a)  are reasonable 
estimates of our probable loss of our Royalty Fees resulting from your breach of this Agreement and its 
termination. Payment of liquidated damages by you does not affect your obligation to pay us all Monthly 
Fees and other fees and amounts due to us that accrued before the termination of this Agreement nor does 
it affect your continuing indemnification obligations pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement. Any other 

16 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
losses or damages caused by the early termination of this Agreement are subject to any other remedy 
available under law, in equity, or under the terms of this Agreement. 
 
e. Evidence of Breach. If the validity of the termination of this Agreement is disputed, we may 
introduce evidence of a breach of this Agreement or evidence of any claim associated with the Hotel, 
including any facilities that are managed by others at the Hotel, whether or not  stated in the default or 
termination notice. 
 
11. Obligations on Termination. On termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason, you 
must, at your expense: 
 
a. Intellectual Property. Immediately discontinue all use of our Intellectual Property, refrain from 
using the Brand Mark to identify the Hotel and cease to use the Choice -Related Words. If you do not 
immediately discontinue use of our Intellectual Property (including the Brand M ark) or use of the Choice-
Related Words following the expiration or termination of this Agreement, you will pay us, as liquidated 
damages and not as a penalty, the sum of $2,500 for each day following the expiration or termination of 
this Agreement that you continue to use our Intellectual Property (including the Brand Mark) or the Choice-
Related Words, and we will have the right to seek injunctive and equitable relief for your infringement (or 
use of the Choice-Related Words) and, in that event, you waive, to the maximum extent permitted by law, 
any requirement for any bond for the issuance of any injunction, and if a bond is required, you agree that it 
will not exceed $1,000; 
 
b. Registration. Cancel any assumed name or similar registration containing our Intellectual 
Property (including the Brand Mark) or any variation or portion of our Intellectual Property (including the 
Brand Mark) or the Choice-Related Words, discontinue all use of any web sites or other electronic media 
(including social media) that markets goods and services under the Choice Marks  and furnish us with 
reasonable evidence showing that you complied with these obligations within 30 days after termination or 
expiration of this Agreement; 
 
c. Payment. Promptly pay all sums owed to us and our subsidiaries or affiliates, and all damages, 
costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that we incur, either before or following the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, as a result of your default, including all outstanding Monthly 
Fees, any liquidated damages due under this Agreement, and any costs and expenses we incur to obtain 
injunctive relief or other remedies for the enforcement of any portion of this Agreement; and 
 
d. Return or Destroy Materials. Immediately return to us, or at our option, destroy all originals and 
copies of any materials that we have provided to you relating to our System and your operation of the Hotel, 
including all copies of any manuals, the Rules and Regulations and any data stored in or generated by our 
Property Management System and Reservation System. Except for your copy of this Agreement and other 
documents that you reasonably need to comply with applicable laws, you may not retain any mater ial that 
we provided to you during the Term. 
 
12. Insurance.  
 
a. Pre-Opening Coverage. You must purchase by Construction Start and maintain until the 
Opening Date, at your expense, directly or through your general contractor, the types and amounts of 
insurance coverage as we may require in the Rules and Regulations or otherwise in writing, including, but 
not limited to:  
 
1. General Liability. Commercial General Liability Insurance (including automobile liability, 
bodily injury and property damage) protecting you and naming us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, our 
and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees as Additional Insureds (as defined in Section 
12(c)) from and against all types of liabilities, including personal injury and property damage, together with 
the costs of defense and/or adjustments arising out of the operations to construct or renovat e the Hotel. 
The insurance must include coverage for contractual liability, explosion, collapse and underground property 
damage hazard liability, personal injury liability, products and completed operations liability, owner's and 

17 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
contractor's protective liability, and independent contractor's liability and must be accompanied by waivers 
of subrogation in our favor and the favor of our affiliates and subsidiaries, the officers, directors, agents and 
employers of us, our affiliates and subsidiaries.  
 
2. Builder’s Risk. All -risk builder’s risk coverage to insure the Hotel buildings under 
construction or renovation to 100% of their replacement cost value, protecting you, us and the Additional 
Insureds, and a workers' compensation policy as required by statute.  
 
b. Post-Opening Coverage. Beginning no later than the Opening Date and for the rest of the Term, 
you must purchase and maintain, at your expense, the types and amounts of insurance coverage as we 
may require in the Rules and Regulations or otherwise in writing, including, but not limited to:  
 
1. Physical Damage Coverage. All-risk physical damage coverage, insuring the Hotel and its 
contents for its full replacement cost. If the Hotel is damaged or destroyed, and unless a mortgagee requires 
otherwise, the proceeds of any insurance will be used to repair or restore the Hotel in accordance with your 
plans that we approve. Your insurance must contain a waiver of subrogation in our favor and the favor of 
our affiliates and subsidiaries, the officers, directors, agents and employees of us, our affiliates and 
subsidiaries.  
 
2. General Liability; Automobile. Commercial Automobile and Commercial General Liability 
Insurance policies written on an occurrence form protecting you and the Additional Insureds (as defined in 
Section 12(c)) from and against all manner of liability. The coverage described in the preceding sentence 
is primary to any coverage that we maintain and must include Contractual, Products and Completed 
Operations, Independent Contractors, Personal Injury, Property Dam age, Bodily Injury and Host Liquor 
Liability coverage (if applicable), together with the costs and expenses of the defense and/or adjustment of 
injury or damage, without exception, from or in any way related to any operation or activity conducted under 
this Agreement and/or of the Hotel, including adjacent areas like swimming pools, parking lots, restaurants, 
and bars. Your Automobile Liability Policy must cover owned, hired and non- owned vehicles used in the 
operation of the Hotel. The policies described in this Section 12(b)(2) must cover lawsuits or actions brought 
anywhere in the world. These policies must provide limits per location and per occurrence as required in 
the Rules and Regulations and must be accompanied by a waiver of subrogation in favor of the Additional 
Insureds. You may meet the required total minimum limits through a combination of primary and umbrella 
policies. If alcoholic beverages are sold at the Hotel (whether or not you own the establishment that sells 
the alcohol), you must purchase and maintain Dram Shop/Liquor Liability Insu rance with such limits as 
required in the Rules and Regulations. 
 
3. Workers’ Compensation. Statutory Workers Compensation and Employers Liability 
insurance with minimum Employers Liability limits per accident and per disease as required in the Rules 
and Regulations. 
 
4. Business Interruption. Business interruption insurance which shall provide for coverage of 
a minimum of three (3) months in the event the Hotel is not operational at any time during the Term. Your 
business interruption insurance policy must name us as a specific loss payee. 
 
5. Cyber Liability. Cyber Liability insurance providing minimum coverage as required by the 
Rules and Regulations. 
 
6. Other Insurance.  Pollution Legal Liability insurance covering bodily injury, property 
damage, cleanup costs and defense costs arising from, or associated with, a pollution condition at a 
covered location.  In addition, Employment Practices Liability insurance, including coverage for third-party 
violation claims and prior acts. 
 
c. Additional Insured Requirement . You must also obtain and attach an endorsement for all 
commercial automobile, commercial general and umbrella policies used to meet the requirements in 
Sections 12(a) and 12(b)  adding us, our affiliates and subsidiaries, our and their respective officers, 
directors, agents, partners and employees, as additional insureds ("Additional Insureds").  

18 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
 
d. Rating; Primary Coverage; Notice of Change. You must place your insurance with insurance 
companies reasonably acceptable to us and with an A.M. Best Rating of A -, VI or better. All insurance, 
commercial automobile, commercial general liability, umbrella and dram shop/liquor liability (if applicable), 
that you purchase must be specifically endorsed to provide that the coverage will be primary and that any  
insurance carried by Additional Insureds will be excess and non-contributory. We may reasonably change 
the insurance coverage requirements set forth in this Section 12 during the Term by giving you at least 30 
days’ notice of the change. You must comply with our directions, at your expense, and deliver to us evidence 
of your compliance before the change becomes effective. 
 
e. Certificates of Insurance. You must send us, by no later than ten (10) days prior to Construction 
Start and/or the Opening Date, as applicable under Sections 12(a) and 12(b) , certificates of insurance, 
endorsements, declarations and/or other documents requested by us,  indicating your property code, the 
Hotel name and address, and proof that you have purchased the required insurance coverage and the 
Additional Insureds endorsement has been accepted by your insurance carrier. You must also provide us 
with evidence of renewal before the expiration date of each insurance policy. You are responsible for 
providing us with 30 days ’ advance written notice if the certificate of insurance by the insurer has been 
canceled, reduced in coverage, or otherwise altered.  Acceptance by Choice of an improper certificate of 
insurance shall not constitute a waiver, release or modification of any of the insurance coverage and 
endorsements required under this Agreement. 
 
f. Procurement of Insurance. If you, for any reason, fail to procure or provide us with evidence 
that you maintain at least the minimum insurance required by Section 12(a) or 12(b), as applicable (or as 
designated by us from time to time in the Rules and Regulations) together with the endorsement required 
by Section 12(c), you acknowledge and agree that we will have the immediate right and authority, but not 
the obligation, to procure such insurance on your behalf, and charge you the cost of the insurance and, at 
our option, a reasonable penalty. You agree that you will reimburse us for the cost of such insurance and 
for any reasonable out -of-pocket costs that we incur should we elect to obtain such insurance within 30 
days of receipt of our notice that such costs are due and payable to us.  The foregoing shall not limit our 
right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10(b)(2)(g). 
 
g. No Waiver of Obligations. Your purchase and maintenance of insurance and your performance 
of your obligations under this Agreement are in addition to your obligation to indemnify us. If applicable, 
you should obtain additional insurance coverage since we do not require insurance against all potentially 
insurable risks, such as Employment Practices Liability insurance; if you do, for your protection, you should 
name us as an Additional Insured on this additional coverage. 
  
13. Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by law, you must defend, indemnify and hold 
harmless us, our affiliates and subsidiaries, our and their respective officers, directors, agents, partners and 
employees (each, an “ Indemnified Party ”) from and against any claim, loss, cost, damage, expense 
judgment and liability, including, but not limited to, employment related liability and environmental liability 
(a “Claim”), including reasonable attorneys’ fees (whether or not a lawsuit has been filed) a nd any court 
costs, resulting in whole or in part from any damage or loss, including personal injury, of any nature, 
connected with the Hotel construction, renovation or operation, or any facilities that are managed by others 
in the Hotel, or out of, or as  a result of, in whole or in part your (or your agent’s or employee’s) error, 
omission, act or failure, even where negligence of an Indemnified Party is alleged, except to the extent that 
the loss, costs, damage, expense or liability is solely and proximat ely caused by the negligence of an 
Indemnified Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are required by a court of law to contribute to any 
Claim, the amount of our contribution will be calculated by applying principles of comparative negligence 
where a Claim was jointly caused by your negligence and by our negligence. You must reimburse us for all 
amounts we reasonably spend, including attorneys’ fees and court costs, to protect the Indemnified Parties 
from, or to remedy, your defaults under this Agreement or claims arising out of your operation of the Hotel. 
We will have the sole and exclusive control (including the right to be represented by attorneys of our 
choosing) over the defense of any Claims against an Indemnified Party and over their settlement , 
compromise or other disposition. This provision will be deemed divisible, such that if it is in any way (or to 
any extent) determined to be invalid or unenforceable, it will be deemed modified so as to be valid and 

19 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
enforceable and to be in full force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law. This provision will survive 
the expiration or termination of this Agreement.  
 
14. Casualty. If the Hotel is damaged by fire, natural disaster or other casualty, you must promptly and 
properly repair the damage. If the damage or repair requires closing the Hotel, you must immediately notify 
us, begin reconstruction within 6 months after that closing; reopen the Hotel for continuous business 
operation in accordance with the Rules and Regulations as soon as practicable (but in any event within 12 
months after the Hotel closing), and send us at least 30 days’ prior written notice of the date of reopening. 
Upon your written request, and so long as you are in compliance with this Section 14, we will extend the 
Term of this Agreement by the number of days between the date of the original closing of the Hotel and the 
date of reopening. If insurance proceeds are not available or are insufficient to repair or rebuild the Hotel 
and if you provide us with reasonable evidence that such proceeds are not available to you within 6 months 
after the original closing of the Hotel, and provided that you are not in default at the time of casualty and 
are not the cause of the insurance proceeds not being available, then we will terminate this Agreement in 
accordance with its terms without penalty to either party. 
 
15. Notices. All notices required or permitted under this Agreement must be in writing, must be 
personally delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by a nationally 
recognized delivery or courier service that allows tracking of packages or letters , to us at Choice Hotels 
International, Inc., 915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, Attention: 
General Counsel , or at such other address we require upon written notice to you, and to you at the 
Designated Representative's address set forth in Section 1 of this Agreement . You authorize the 
Designated Representative to submit written notices to us or receive our written notices to you as your 
agent. Any notice by registered or certified mail or by delivery or courier service is deemed given and 
received at the date and time of sending.  You may change the Designated Representative and/or the 
Designated Representative’s address by written notice to us. 
 
16. Attorneys’ Fees. Attorneys’ fees must be paid according to the terms of this Section 16 and as 
may be applicable, Section 13 of this Agreement. The prevailing party (as determined by the court or 
arbitrator) in any arbitration or claim filed to enforce the terms of this Agreement will recover from the other 
party reasonable fees of its attorneys calculated as the lesser of (1) the attorney’s hourly rate multiplied by 
the number of hours worked (less any discounts provided to the party), or (2) the amount owed under the 
contractual payment arrangement between the party and its attorneys,  along with any attorney costs and 
expenses, court costs, arbitration costs, arbitrator fees, the reasonable costs of necessary expert 
witnesses, and the reasonable travel costs (including food and lodging) of the prevailing party’s witnesses 
in the proceeding.  If such a claim seeks, in whole or in part, attorneys’ fees under Section 13, that provision 
will control. Any judgment or arbitration award for fees or other amounts owed to us to enforce our rights 
under Section 4, Section 10(d) or Section 21 of this Agreement will bear interest at the rate referred to in 
Section 4(f) until paid. 
 
17. Taxes, Permits; Notice of Legal Actions. 
 
a. Taxes. You must pay when due all taxes related to the Hotel that may be levied or assessed 
by any federal, state, or local taxing authority, and all other indebtedness related to the Hotel. You shall 
comply with all federal, state, and local tax laws.  You shall pay all property taxes imposed on your property 
when they are due.   You shall be responsible for all state and local sales and transaction taxes that are 
imposed on, or measured by, the gross receipts paid to Choice pursuant to this Agreement.  
 
b. Permits. You must timely obtain and maintain all permits, certificates and licenses necessary 
for the construction, renovation, operation and maintenance of the Hotel, including licenses to do business, 
fictitious name registration and sales tax permits, health a nd sanitation permits, and ratings and fire 
clearances. You must send us, within 10 days of your receipt, copies of all inspection reports, warnings, 
certificates, and ratings, received from any governmental entity. 
 
c. Notice of Suit. You must notify us in writing and provide us with copies, within 5 days of your 
receipt, of any actual or threatened criminal or civil action, suit, proceeding, or the issuance of any order, 

20 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
writ, injunction, award, or decree of any court, agency, or other governmental instrumentality affecting you 
or the Hotel. 
 
18. Approvals and Waivers. 
 
a. Approvals. Our approvals and consents will not be effective unless signed by one of our duly-
authorized representatives. We may withhold our consent in our reasonable discretion or at any time when 
you are in breach of any obligation under this Agreement.  
 
b. Reliance; No Liability. Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement (including any 
addenda or amendments), we make no warranties or guarantees on which you may rely. We assume no 
liability or obligation to you by providing any waiver, approval, consent, suggestion to you, or by reason of 
any delay or denial of any request that you make to us. 
 
c. No Waiver/Forbearance. Failure to exercise any power or to insist on strict compliance with 
any obligation or condition under this Agreement is not a waiver of any future right to demand exact 
compliance with any of the terms in this Agreement. Waiver of any particular default  or extension of any 
cure period will not affect or impair a party’s rights with respect to any later default of the same, similar, or 
a different nature. No delay, forbearance, or omission to exercise any power or right of a party following 
any breach or default of any of the terms, sections, or covenants of this Agreement by the defaulting party, 
will affect or impair the rights of the party not in default. 
 
19. Acknowledgments. 
 
a. No Warranty or Guarantee. You acknowledge and agree that you have conducted an 
independent investigation of the benefits of signing this Agreement, and you understand that the business 
venture contemplated by this Agreement involves business risks, and that its success will be largely 
dependent on your ability as an independent businessperson. We have not made, and you acknowledge 
that you have not received from us or our agents, any representations, projection, warranty or guarantee, 
express or implied, as to the profitability or  other potential success of the business venture contemplated 
by this Agreement. 
 
b. Limited Rights. You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement and the limited rights to use 
the Intellectual Property granted to you in accordance with this Agreement relate only to the Hotel and the 
Location. Except as may be specifically set forth in Section 2, this Agreement does not grant you any 
protected area, market or territorial rights. Subject to the terms of our then-current incremental impact policy 
(“Impact Policy”) and our then-current version of the fair franchising policy, which we may amend, change 
or substitute from time to time (“Fair Franchising Policy”): (i) we may own, operate, or franchise other hotels 
and/or allow such hotels to use our Intellectual Property (including the Brand Mark), at any other location, 
either separately or combined, and (ii) we, and any of our affiliates and other franchisees may now or in the 
future engage in transient lodging or related business activities that may compete with the Hotel. 
 
c. Control; No Duty; Independent Contractor . You acknowledge and agree that you are solely 
responsible for exercising ordinary, day-to-day business control over the Hotel, including all personnel and 
employment related matters and decisions and pricing of rooms and other services at the Hotel, regardless 
of any advice or consultation received from us . This includes, but is not limited to, hiring and firing 
employees, supervising and controlling employees’ work schedules and conditions of employment, 
determining employees’ rate and method of payment, and maintaining employees’ employment records.  
Neither this Agreement nor the Rules and Regulations  create a fiduciary  or joint employer  relationship 
between you and us  or between your employees and us . You are an independent contractor.  Nothing in 
this Agreement or the Rules and Regulations  makes, or is intended to make, either party an agent, legal 
representative, subsidiary, joint venturer, partner, employee, joint employer or servant of the other (except 
that you agree that we may act as your agent when making reservations for your Hotel).  
 
d. No Right to Contract; No Third -Party Obligations; Truthfulness. You acknowledge and agree 
that you are not authorized to make any contract, agreement, warranty, or representation on our behalf, or 

21 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
to incur any debt or other obligation in our name; and we shall in no event assume liability for, or be deemed 
liable hereunder as a result of, any such action. You acknowledge and agree that you will not represent in 
any proposed financing agreement or to any proposed lender or participant in a public or private investment 
offering that we or any of our affiliates is, or will, become responsible for your obligations under the financing 
agreement, nor that we are, or will be, participating in any private or public investment offering. Before you 
distribute a prospectus of your intended private or public offering, you must send us a copy for our prior 
written approval, not to be unreasonably withheld, of references made to us in the prospectus. You warrant 
the truth and completeness of all your statements in your application and the content of all other documents 
that you send to us as part of the application process and that you are required to submit to us under this 
Agreement.  
 
e. Disclosure. You acknowledge that you received from us the Franchise Disclosure Document 
required by the Federal Trade Commission and by the applicable state(s) in which you live and where the 
Hotel is located at least 14 days before you signed this Agreement or paid to us any consideration for the 
hotel franchise.  
 
f. Ownership. You warrant that you are the true owner of, and record holder of title to, the Hotel, 
or that you are currently leasing the Hotel under a lease that allows you the right to enter into this 
Agreement. If you are a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, or other entity, all owners of the 
entity, including any subsequent person or entity that becomes an owner at any time after the Effective 
Date, shall sign our then- current form of personal guaranty agreement, unless expressly waived by us in 
our sole discretion. 
 
g. Data Security. You acknowledge and agree that we and you each own the rights in and to any 
data captured by the Property Management System or Reservation System (“Guest Data”) and that we 
may use Guest Data in any reasonable manner that we determine. You also acknowledge and agree that 
you are obligated to comply with all information security and data privacy standards and requirements 
contained in the Rules and Regulations and all applicable federal and state laws, regulations, and standards 
relating to information security and data privacy, including, without limitation, the Payment Card Industry 
Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”). You must secure all Guest Data against loss or theft and against 
unauthorized or unintended access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. You agree to notify us in 
writing as soon as practicable (and at least within 24 hours) of any known, suspected, or alleged security 
breach of Guest Data in your possession or custody or under your control. You also acknowledge and 
agree that you are obligated to indemnify us from and against any Claim resulting from any such data 
security breach pursuant to Section 13 of this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent we 
possess or otherwise provide services that allow for the storage, processing, or transmittal of Guest Data 
as defined by the PCI DSS (“ Services”), or to the extent we could impact the security of the Guest Data 
environment, we will remain in compliance with the applicable PCI DSS requirements with respect to those 
Services. We will also remain aware of changes to the PCI DSS and implement all procedures and practices 
as may be reasonably necessary for the Services to remain in compliance with the PCI DSS, in each case 
at our sole cost and expense. 
 
h. Marketing and Reservation Fee. You acknowledge and agree that we may use the Marketing 
and Reservation Fee to meet any or all costs incident to providing the Hotel (and all Other Choice Brand 
Hotels) with marketing and advertising services and the Reservation System, and that such costs may 
include certain of our overhead expenses that are reasonably allocated to provide such services. You 
further agree that we have the absolute and unilateral right to determine, when, how and what portion of 
the Marketing and Reservation Fee may be used for (i) marketing purposes, including the right to purchase 
and pay for marketing services, product research and development, production materials, ad slicks, 
brochures, videotapes, radio and television commercials, media advertising (internet, television, radio, 
cable, magazines, newspapers and other print), services provided by advertising agencies, market 
research, trade shows, conventions, promotions, research and design, public relations, and loyalty 
programs, (ii) the development, operation and maintenance of the Reservation System, and (iii) the cost of 
personnel, accounting services, travel expenses, office space, overhead costs, administrative costs, 
computers, other equipment, furniture, salaries and fringe benefits, development, design and maintenance 
of internet web-pages and websites, including internet service provider costs, network costs, and for other 

22 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
similar costs that we reasonably deem to be appropriate. You also acknowledge that other franchisees 
authorized to use our System may not contribute the same percentage or total amount that you must pay 
to us as the Marketing and Reservation Fee. You further acknowledge and agree that we are not obligated, 
in expending the Marketing and Reservation Fee, to make expenditures for your Hotel or Brand Mark which 
are equivalent or proportionate to your contribution. 
 
i. ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use. You acknowledge and agree that your right to use 
the Property Management System will be governed by the ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use that 
are provided to you in an online format which you agree to review periodically. You acknowledge and agree 
that the ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use are specifically incorporated as part of this Agreement 
and you will comply with the terms and conditions of the then-current ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of 
Use. You a gree that you, the Hotel’s general manager, or any other authorized employee of the Hotel 
(“Authorized User”) may accept and agree on behalf of you to the terms and conditions of the 
ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use. You also acknowledge and agree that we have the right, in our 
sole discretion, to modify, add or remove any terms or conditions of the ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms 
of Use . Changes to the ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use will be posted online and will be 
immediately effective. You agree that use by an Authorized User of the Property Management System after 
we post any such changes will indicate that you accept and agree to the ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms 
of Use, as modified.  
 
j. No Liability. You acknowledge and agree that we will not assume liability for, or be deemed 
liable as a result of, any act or omission of yours relating to the construction, renovation, operation, 
maintenance or promotion of the Hotel or for any claim or judgment arising from such act or omission. 
 
k. Anti-Terrorism/Anti-Bribery Laws. You individually represent and warrant to us that neither you 
(including your directors and officers, senior management and shareholders (or other persons) having a 
controlling interest in you), nor any affiliates or funding sources are (a) owned or controlled by, or acting on 
behalf of, the government of any country that is subject to an embargo imposed by the United States 
government; or (b) an entity or individual (“Person”) identified by any government or legal authority under 
applicable laws as a Person with whom dealings and transactions by us are prohibited or restricted, 
including Persons designated on the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control 
(OFAC) List of Specially Designated Nationals and Other Blocked Persons (including known terrorists and 
narcotics and human traffickers). You will promptly notify us in writing upon the occurrence of any event 
which would render the foregoing representations and warranties incorrect. You further represent and 
warrant to us that you, including persons having a controlling interest in you, are not in violation of any anti-
money laundering laws, anti-terrorism, anti-bribery, trade sanctions or other laws or embargoes, including 
without limitation the U.S. Patriot Act and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and related regulations 
and executive orders. You represent and warrant that you are qualified to do business in the United States, 
have the authority to execute this Agreement, and are eligible under applicable United States laws to carry 
out the obligations under this Agreement and any subsequent assumption of your rights and obligations 
under this Agreement. 
 
l. Child Protection Code of Conduct . We are a member of “The Code of Conduct for the 
Protection of Children from Sexual Exploitation in Travel and Tourism”  (www.thecode.org) (“The Code”), 
which is an industry -driven responsible tourism initiative with a mission to provide awareness, tools, and 
support to the tourism industry in order to prevent the sexual exploitation of children.  You agree to support 
the principles of The Code and to take all reasonable steps at the Hotel, including the training of staff,  to 
recognize and prevent all forms of human trafficking. 
 
20. Miscellaneous. 
 
a. Severability. If any section of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, both 
parties agree that (i) the section will be removed; (ii) this Agreement will be understood and enforced as if 
the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable section had never been in this Agreement; and (iii) the remaining 
sections will remain in full force and effect and will not be affected by the illegal, invalid, or unenforceable 
section or by its removal. A section similar to the removed section will be automatically added  as a part of 

23 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
this Agreement to the maximum extent enforceable. 
 
b. No Third -Party Beneficiaries . Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, 
nothing in this Agreement is intended, nor will anything in this Agreement be deemed, to confer on any 
person or legal entity other than us or you, or our respective successors and permitted assigns, any rights 
or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 
c. Headings. All captions and headings in this Agreement are intended solely for the convenience 
of the parties and do not affect the meaning or construction of any section. 
 
d. References. All references to the masculine, neuter, or singular, include the masculine, 
feminine, neuter, or plural. The word “include” and its derivatives are not to be construed as terms of 
limitation. If “you” consists of more than one person or entity, your acknowledgments, promises, covenants, 
agreements, and obligations made or undertaken in this Agreement are jointly and severally undertaken by 
each of you.  
 
e. Counterparts. If this Agreement is executed in multiple counterparts, each executed copy is an 
original. 
 
f. Governing Law. This Agreement becomes valid and effective only when we have signed it, and 
it will be interpreted under the substantive laws of Maryland, not including its conflict of laws provision or 
such provisions of any other jurisdiction; except that nothing herein shall be construed to establish 
independently your right to pursue claims under Maryland’s Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
 
g. Cumulative Rights and Remedies . Rights and remedies stated in this Agreement are 
cumulative and not exclusive of any other right or remedy. 
 
h. Attachments/Addenda. All attachments, addenda and amendments to this Agreement are 
incorporated into and a part of this Agreement. Any addenda or amendments to this Agreement will not be 
effective unless signed by one of our duly -authorized representatives and by you. All duly -executed 
addenda and/or amendments are incorporated into and will become a part of this Agreement. 
 
i. Survival. Those of your obligations and our obligations under this Agreement which expressly 
or by their nature survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement will survive such expiration 
or termination, including, but not limited to, Sections 7, 10(d), 11, 13, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 24. 
 
j. Seal. This Agreement is a contract under seal and is intended by the parties to be a specialty 
under Maryland law.  
 
k. Electronic Signatures. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that electronic signatures, 
facsimile signatures or signatures transmitted by electronic mail in so-called "pdf" format shall be legal and 
binding and shall have the same full force and effect as if an original of  this Agreement had been signed 
and delivered by hand.  You and we both (i) intend to be bound by the signatures (whether original, faxed 
or electronic) on any document sent by electronic means, (ii) are aware that the other party will rely on such 
signatures, and (iii) hereby waive any defenses to the enforcement of the terms of this Agreement based 
on the foregoing forms of signature. 
 
21. Arbitration. Except for our claims against you for indemnification or actions seeking to 
enjoin you from using any of our Intellectual Property (including the Brand Mark) or the Choice -
Related Words in violation of this Agreement or any other related agreements (incl uding the 
ChoiceAdvantage Software Terms of Use), any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or any other related agreements, or the breach of this Agreement or any other related 
agreements, including any claim that this Agreement or any part of this Agreement or any related 
agreements is invalid, illegal, or otherwise voidable or void, as well as any claim that we violated 
any laws in connection with the offering, granting, execution or enforcement of this Agreement or 
any related agreements and any claim for declaratory relief, will be sent to final and binding 

24 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
arbitration in the state of Maryland before either the American Arbitration Association, J.A.M.S., or 
National Arbitration Forum in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American 
Arbitration Association, including its rules for emergency measures of protection.  The parties 
agree, however, that the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association are 
not applicable as it relates to discovery. More specifically, the rules surrounding discovery, 
including but not limited t o, any requirements for you or us to produce documents, witnesses, or 
information at a time other than at a hearing on the claim will not be deemed applicable to any 
arbitration proceeding unless the parties mutually consent to any such discovery for purposes of 
economy and efficiency of the proceedings. In the event more than one demand for arbitration is 
filed in connection with this Agreement or any related agreements, the demand filed with the 
American Arbitration Association, J.A.M.S., or National Arbitration Forum office having jurisdiction 
over Maryland proceedings shall take precedence, and any other demand shall be withdrawn and 
presented in the Maryland filing. The arbitrator will apply the substantive laws of Maryland, without 
reference to its conflict of laws provision, except that nothing herein shall be construed to establish 
independently your right to pursue claims under Maryland’s Franchise Registration and Disclosure 
Law. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. If any party 
fails to appear at any properly noticed arbitration proceeding, an award may be entered against the 
party, notwithstanding its failure to appear. Any arbitration will be conducted at our headquarters 
office in Maryland and the parties agree that any state laws attempting to prohi bit arbitration in 
Maryland are pre -empted by the Federal Arbitration Act. Nothing in this  Section 21 shall be 
construed to prohibit or limit an Arbitrator’s authority under the  American Arbitration 
Association Commercial Arbitration Rules to order submission of evidence by means other than in-
person hearing at Choice’s headquarters office in Maryland in the event that a party fails to respond 
to, appear during or participate in the arbitration process, or from conducting a hearing or from 
rendering an award at a location outside of the State of Maryland.  Further, nothing in this Section 
21 will be construed as requiring you or us to make a claim in arbitration before exercising any 
rights you or we may have to give notice of default or termination in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement or any related agreements.  All information related to and/or obtained through the 
arbitration process shall be strictly confidential and, under no circumstances, shall be disclosed to 
any person except as expressly permitted herein or used for any purpose other than the arbitration 
at any point in time without mutual consent.  
 
22. NO CLASS ACTIONS. NEITHER YOU NOR WE SHALL SEEK TO LITIGATE OR ARBITRATE 
AGAINST THE OTHER PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT OR SUCH PARTY’S AFFILIATES, EITHER AS 
A REPRESENTATIVE OF, OR ON BEHALF OF, ANY OTHER PERSON, CLASS, OR ENTITY, ANY 
DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY, OR CLAIM OF ANY KIN D ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATING TO, THIS 
AGREEMENT, THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES, THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE, 
OR OTHER CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION RELATING TO THE PERFORMANCE OF EITHER 
PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT. NO ARBITRATION OR OTHER ACTION OR PRO CEEDING UNDER 
THIS AGREEMENT SHALL ADD AS A PARTY, BY CONSOLIDATION, JOINDER, OR IN ANY OTHER 
MANNER, ANY PERSON OR PARTY OTHER THAN US AND YOU AND ANY PERSON IN PRIVITY 
WITH, OR CLAIMING THROUGH, IN THE RIGHT OF, OR ON BEHALF OF, US OR YOU, UNLESS BOTH 
WE AND YOU CONSENT IN WRITING. WE HAVE THE ABSOLUTE RIGHT TO REFUSE SUCH 
CONSENT. YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN 
THE PARTIES, OR ANY AGREEMENT OR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND US OR ANY 
AFFILIATE OF OURS WILL BE CONSIDERED UNIQUE ON ITS FACTS AND MAY NOT BE BROUGHT 
AS A CLASS OR GROUP ACTION. 
 
23. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, 
INTENTIONALLY, AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, 
OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THEM AGAINST 
THE OTHER. 
 
24.  INTEGRATION. THIS AGREEMENT, ALL OF ITS ATTACHMENTS, AND ANY AGREEMENT 
SPECIFICALLY MADE A PART OF THIS AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE TERMS HEREOF, 

25 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
CONTAIN THE COMPLETE UNDERSTANDING OF THE PARTIES AND REPLACE ANY PREVIOUS 
WRITTEN OR ORAL AGREEMENT ON THE SAME SUBJECT MATTER.  
 
 
  

26 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
ATTACHMENT A  
 
PROPERTY IMPROVEMENT PLAN 
 
[For existing hotels converting to use the Brand Mark] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attachment A 
  

27 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
ATTACHMENT B 
 
RIDER TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT 
 
[Other Modifications to the Franchise Agreement] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attachment B   

28 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
We and you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including all 
Attachments, by setting the hands and seals of our duly authorized and empowered representatives on this 
Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date.  
 
 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
 
 
By: _________________________________ (Seal) 
Name: Christopher J. Wallace 
Title: Vice President and Assistant General Counsel  
 
 
«LIC_BLOCK» 
 
 
«FRANCHISEE» 
 
 
By: _______________________________ (Seal) 
Name: 
Title:  
 
 
Date:
 ________________________ 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
PLEASE INITIAL THE ATTACHED SCHEDULE A 

29 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
Schedule A – for Individuals 
 
By initialing this Schedule A that is attached to the Franchise Agreement, you certify that the information 
provided below is true and accurate.  The following represents the names and percentages owned of the 
individual owners of the Hotel. 
 
 
Name of Individual Hotel Owner Percentage owned  
 
___________________________ ____% 
(type or print) 
 
___________________________ ____% 
(type or print) 
 
___________________________ ____% 
(type or print) 
 
 
INITIAL HERE   _____

30 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
Schedule A – Entity Ownership Breakdown 
 
By initialing this Schedule A that is attached to the Franchise Agreement, you certify that the information 
provided below is true and accurate.  The following represents the names and percentages owned of 
«FRANCHISEE». 
I. 
 
Name of member/shareholder/partner Percentage owned 
 
___________________________ ____% 
(type or print) 
 
___________________________ ____% 
(type or print) 
 
___________________________ ____% 
(type or print) 
 
 
 
 
INITIAL HERE   _____ 

31 
 
(«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID») 
Schedule A – Entity Ownership Breakdown 
 
By initialing this Schedule A that is attached to the Franchise Agreement, you certify that the 
information provided below is true and accurate.  The following represents the names and 
percentages owned of «FRANCHISEE». 
 
 
Name of member/shareholder/partner Percentage owned 
 
___________________________ ____% 
(type or print) 
 
___________________________ ____% 
(type or print) 
 
___________________________ ____% 
(type or print) 
 
 
 
 
INITIAL HERE   _____ 

 
Page 1 of 3 
«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» 
«Brand_Name» 
 
GUARANTY 
 
 This Guaranty (“Guaranty”) is made as of ___________________, by (name of 
guarantors) (“each, individually a Guarantor”), in favor of and for the benefit of Choice Hotels 
International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Choice”).  In consideration of and as an inducement 
to Choice to execute a Franchise Agreement  by and between Choice and 
«LIC_BLOCK» 
(“Franchisee”), Guarantor agrees as follows: 
 
 1. Guarantor unconditionally warrants to Choice and its successor and assigns that 
all of Franchisee’s representations and warranties in (a) any application submitted by Franchisee 
to Choice; and (b) the Franchise Agreement are true, accurate and complete as of the time made 
as of the date of this Guaranty.   
 
2. Guarantor personally and unconditionally guarantees that all of Franchisee’s 
obligations under the Franchise Agreement, as amended,  and all related agreements will be 
punctually paid and performed. 
   
 3. Guarantor agrees that the obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty shall not 
be reduced, limited, terminated, discharged, impaired or otherwise affected by:  (a) the occurrence 
or continuance of a default under the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement; (b) any 
assignment of the Franchise Agreement; (c) any modification or amendment of, or waiver or 
consent or other action taken with respect to the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement; 
(d) the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, sale or other disposition of Franchisee’s assets, or the 
receivership, insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceedings affecting Franchisee 
or its assets or the release or discharge of Franchisee from any of its obligations under the 
Franchise Agreement; or (e) any change of circumstances, whether or not foreseeable, and 
whether or not any such change does or might vary the risk of Guarantor hereunder.  Any failure 
by Choice to exercise any power or right or to insist upon Guarantor’s compliance with any term 
under this Guaranty shall not constitute a waiver of Choice’s right to demand full compliance with 
any term of this Guaranty. 
 
 4. Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably waives notice of acceptance of this 
Guaranty, presentment, demand, diligence, protest and notice of dishonor or of any other kind to 
which Guarantor otherwise might be entitled under applicable law. 
 
 5. Guarantor agrees to promptly pay all sums owed to Choice and its subsidiaries or 
affiliates, and all damages, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that 
Choice or its subsidiaries or affiliates incur as a result of any default under this Guaranty, the 
Franchise Agreement, or any related Agreement, including all outstanding fees, any liquidated 
damages due under the Franchise Agreement, and any costs and expenses that Choice or its 
subsidiaries or affiliates incur to obtain injunctive relief for the enforcement of any portion of this 
Guaranty, the Franchise Agreement, or any related Agreement. 
 
 6. If more than one person or entity has signed this Guaranty as a Guarantor, the 
liability of each such Guarantor shall be joint, several and primary.  Each Guarantor shall be 
bound by his/her/its/their signature block below, and such Guarantor’s obligations hereunder are 
not contingent on any other Guarantor being bound hereby. 

 
Page 2 of 3 
 
 7. All notices required or permitted under this Guaranty must be in writing, must be 
personally delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by a 
nationally recognized courier service, to Choice at Choice Hotels International, Inc., 1 Choice 
Hotels Circle, 915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, Attention: 
General Counsel, and to Guarantor at the address set forth below .  Any notice by registered or 
certified mail or by courier service is deemed given and received at the date and time of 
sending.  Guarantor may change its address only by written notice to Choice, and Choice may 
change our address by written notice to Guarantor. 
 
 8. This Guaranty will be interpreted under the substantive laws of Maryland, not 
including its conflict of laws provision or such provisions of any other jurisdiction. 
 
9. Except for our claims for indemnification or actions seeking to enjoin you the use 
of any of our Intellectual Property or the Choice-Related Words in violation of the Franchise 
Agreement, any controversy or claim founded upon or arising out of or relating to this Guaranty, 
the Franchise Agreement, or any related Agreement, or to the breach of this Guaranty, the 
Franchise Agreement, or any related Agreement, will be sent to final and binding arbitration 
before either the American Arbitration Association, J.A.M.S., or National Arbitration Forum in 
accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, 
including its rules for emergency measures of protection, except to the extent that the 
Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association may be interpreted to require you or 
us to produce documents, witnesses, or information at a time other than at a hearing on the 
claim without our mutual consent.  In the event more than one demand for arbitration is filed in 
connection with this Guaranty, the Franchise Agreement, or any related Agreement, the demand 
filed with the American Arbitration Association, J.A.M.S., or National Arbitration Forum office 
having jurisdiction over Maryland proceedings shall take precedence, and any other demand 
shall be withdrawn and presented in the Maryland filing.  The arbitrator will apply the substantive 
laws of Maryland, without reference to its conflict of laws provision, except that nothing herein 
shall be construed to establish independently a right to pursue claims under Maryland’s 
Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered 
in any court having jurisdiction.  If any party fails to appear at any properly noticed arbitration 
proceeding, an award may be entered against the party, notwithstanding its failure to appear.  
Any arbitration will be conducted at Choice’s headquarters office in Maryland.  Nothing in this 
Section will be construed as requiring you or us to make a claim in arbitration before exercising 
any rights Choice or Guarantor may have to give notice of default or termination in accordance 
with the terms of this Guaranty. 
  

 
Page 3 of 3 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have set his/her/its/their hands and seals on 
the date noted above. 
 
 
Add all Guarantors (entities & people 
individually), Individually, Jointly and Severally  
 
 
 (name of entity)  
 
 
 
By: ____________________________L.S. 
Name: 
Title: 
 
Social Security No.  ____________________ 
 
Date: ________________________ 
 
 
Address:  _____________________________ 
 
 ____________________________________ 
 
 
 , Individually  
 
 
 
_______________________________L.S. 
 
Social Security No.  ___________________  
 
Date: ________________________ 
 
Address:  ____________________________ 
 
 ____________________________________ 
 
 
 

82547833v3 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE 
CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of California.  If and to the extent that the California Franchise Investment Law (“California 
Franchise Investment Law” or “Law”) applies to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede 
anything to the contrary in the Agreement: 
1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Franchise Agreement, to 
the extent that the Franchise Agreement contains provisions that are inconsistent with the following, 
such provisions are hereby amended: 
The Franchise Agreement requires franchisee to execute a general release of claims upon 
renewal or transfer of the franchise agreement.  California Corporations Code Section 31512 
provides that any condition, stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring 
any franchise to waive compliance with any provision of that law or any rule or order there 
under is void.  Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment 
Law (California Corporations Code Section 20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the 
Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 – 20043)). 
The Franchise Agreement requires application of the laws of Maryland.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under California law.   
The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause.  Under California Civil Code 
§1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable. 
California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to 
the franchisee concerning termination or non-renewal of a franchise.  The Federal Bankruptcy 
Code also provides rights to franchisee concerning termination of the Franchise Agreement 
upon certain bankruptcy-related events.  If the Franchise Agreement is inconsistent with the 
law, the law will control. 
The Franchise Agreement requires binding arbitration.  The arbitration will occur in Maryland 
with the cost being borne by the parties as determined by the arbitrator.  Prospective 
franchisees are encouraged to consult with private legal counsel to determine the applicability 
of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions Code Section 20040.5, 
Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any provisions of a 
franchise agreement restricting venue to a forum outside the State of California.   
The Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to compete which extends beyond the 
termination of the franchise.  This provision may not be enforceable under California law. 
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
[Signature page follows.] 

82547833v3 
The parties to this Addendum agree to be bound by the terms of this Addendum as of the effective 
date of the Agreement as evidenced by their signatures below. 
Witness: 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 

82547833v3 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE 
HAWAII FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of Hawaii.  If and to the extent that the Hawaii Franchise Investment Law (“Hawaii Franchise 
Investment Law” or “Law”) applies to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to 
the contrary in the Agreement: 
1. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgement signed or agreed to by a 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect 
of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
2. Section 24 of the Franchise Agreement is amended to add the following:  
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY RELATED AGREEMENT, HOWEVER, IS 
INTENDED TO DISCLAIM THE REPRESENTATIONS WE MADE IN THE FRANCHISE 
DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT WE FURNISHED TO YOU. 
The parties to this Addendum agree to be bound by the terms of this Addendum as of the effective 
date of the Agreement as evidenced by their signatures below. 
Witness: 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 

82547833v3 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE 
ILLINOIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACT 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of Illinois.  If and to the extent that the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act (“Illinois Franchise 
Disclosure Act” or “Act”) applies to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to 
the contrary in the Agreement: 
1. Illinois law governs the Franchise Agreement. 
2. Section 4 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any provision in a 
franchise agreement that designates jurisdiction or venue outside the State of Illinois is void.  
However, a franchise agreement may provide for arbitration outside of Illinois.   
3. Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act provides that any condition, 
stipulation or provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance 
with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or any other law of Illinois is void. 
4. Your rights upon termination and non-renewal of a franchise agreement are set forth 
in section 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act. 
5. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee 
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
The parties to this Addendum agree to be bound by the terms of this Addendum as of the effective 
date of the Agreement as evidenced by their signatures below. 
Witness: 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 

82547833v3 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO THE 
MARYLAND FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACT 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of Maryland. If and to the extent that the Maryland Franchise Disclosure Act (“Maryland 
Franchise Disclosure Act” or “Act”) applies to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede 
anything to the contrary in the Agreement: 
1. All representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppel 
or waiver of liability are not intended to nor shall they act as a release, estoppel or waiver of any 
liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
2. Nothing in the Franchise Agreement prevents the franchisee from bringing a lawsuit 
in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law. 
3. Nothing in the Franchise Agreement operates to reduce the 3-year statute of 
limitations afforded to a franchisee for bringing a claim arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law.  Further, any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought within 3 years after the grant of the franchise. 
4. The Federal Bankruptcy laws may not allow the enforcement of the provisions for 
termination upon bankruptcy of the franchisee. 
5. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee 
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
6. Sections 19(a) and 19(e) of the Franchise Agreement are deleted in their entirety. 
The parties to this Addendum agree to be bound by the terms of this Addendum as of the effective 
date of the Agreement as evidenced by their signatures below. 
Witness: 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 

82547833v3 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT PURSUANT TO 
THE MINNESOTA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of Minnesota.  If and to the extent that the Minnesota Franchise Disclosure laws apply to the 
Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to the contrary in the Agreement: 
1. With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, franchisor shall 
comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd. 4 which requires that except for certain specified cases, 
that franchisee be given 180 days’ notice for non-renewal of this Franchise Agreement.   
2. The Minnesota Department of Commerce requires that franchisor indemnify 
franchisees whose franchise is located in Minnesota against liability to third parties resulting from 
claims by third parties that the franchisee’s use of franchisor’s trademarks (“Marks”) infringe upon 
the trademark rights of the third party.  Franchisor does not indemnify against the consequences of 
a franchisee’s use of franchisor’s trademark but franchisor shall indemnify franchisee for claims 
against franchisee solely as it relates to franchisee’s use of the Marks in accordance with the 
requirements of the Franchise Agreement and franchisor’s standards.  As a further condition to 
indemnification, the franchisee must provide notice to franchisor of any such claim immediately and 
tender the defense of the claim to franchisor.  If franchisor accepts tender of defense, franchisor has 
the right to manage the defense of the claim, including the right to compromise, settle or otherwise 
resolve the claim, or to determine whether to appeal a final determination of the claim.   
3. Franchisee will not be required to assent to a release, assignment, novation, or waiver 
that would relieve any person from liability imposed by Minnesota Statute §§ 80C.01 – 80C.22. 
4. With respect to franchises governed by Minnesota Franchise Law, franchisor shall 
comply with Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.14, subd. 3 which requires that except for certain specified cases, 
a franchisee be given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure).  Termination of the 
franchise by the franchisor shall be effective immediately upon receipt by franchisee of the notice of 
termination where its grounds for termination or cancellation are: (1) voluntary abandonment of the 
franchise relationship by the franchisee; (2) the conviction of the franchisee of an offense directly 
related to the business conducted according to the Franchise Agreement; or (3) failure of the 
franchisee to cure a default under the Franchise Agreement which materially impairs the goodwill 
associated with the franchisor’s trade name, trademark, service mark, logo type or other commercial 
symbol after the franchisee has received written notice to cure of at least twenty-four (24) hours in 
advance thereof.   
5. According to Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C.21 in Minnesota Rules or 2860.4400J, the terms of 
the Franchise Agreement shall not in any way abrogate or reduce your rights as provided for in Minn. 
Stat. 1984, Chapter 80C, including the right to submit certain matters to the jurisdiction of the courts 
of Minnesota.  In addition, nothing in this Franchise Agreement shall abrogate or reduce any of 
franchisee’s rights as provided for in Minn. Stat. Sec. 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum or 
remedy provided for by the laws of the State of Minnesota. 
6. Any claims franchisee may have against the franchisor that have arisen under the 
Minnesota Franchise Laws shall be governed by the Minnesota Franchise Law. 
7. The Franchise Agreement contains a waiver of jury trial provision.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under Minnesota law. 
8. Franchisee consents to the franchisor seeking injunctive relief without the necessity of 
showing actual or threatened harm.  A court shall determine if a bond or other security is required.   

82547833v3 
9. The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages provision.  This provision may 
not be enforceable under Minnesota law. 
10. Any action pursuant to Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.17, Subd. 5 must be 
commenced no more than 3 years after the cause of action accrues. 
11. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee 
in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date set forth 
above. 
Witness: 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 

82547833v3 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR NEW YORK  
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
State of New York.  If and to the extent that the New York General Business Law regarding 
franchises applies to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to the contrary 
in the Agreement: 
1. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement that is inconsistent with the New York General 
Business Law, Article 33, Section 680 - 695 may not be enforceable. 
2. Any provision in the Franchise Agreement requiring franchisee to sign a general release of 
claims against franchisor does not release any claim franchisee may have under New York 
General Business Law, Article 33, Sections 680-695. 
3. The New York Franchise Law shall govern any claim arising under that law. 
4. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the 
inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise 
seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other 
term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date set forth 
above. 
Witness: 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 

82547833v3 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT FOR  
NORTH DAKOTA 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold 
in the State of North Dakota.  If and to the extent that the North Dakota franchise statutes 
and regulations apply to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to 
the contrary in the  Agreement: 
1. Any release executed in connection with a renewal shall not apply to any 
claims that may arise under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. 
2. Covenants not to compete during the term of and upon termination or 
expiration of the franchise agreement are enforceable only under certain conditions 
according to North Dakota law.  If the Franchise Agreement contains a covenant not to 
compete that is inconsistent with North Dakota law, the covenant may be unenforceable.   
3. The choice of law other than the State of North Dakota may not be 
enforceable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  If the laws of a state other 
than North Dakota govern, to the extent that such law conflicts with North Dakota law, 
North Dakota law will control.   
4. The waiver of punitive or exemplary damages may not be enforceable 
under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.   
5. The waiver of trial by jury may not be enforceable under the North Dakota 
Franchise Investment Law.  
6. The requirement that arbitration be held outside the State of North Dakota 
may not be enforceable under the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. Any mediation 
or arbitration will be held at a site agreeable to all parties.    
7. The requirement that a franchisee consent to termination or liquidated 
damages has been determined by the Commissioner to be unfair, unjust and inequitable 
within the intent of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.  This requirement may 
not be enforceable under North Dakota law. 
8. The Franchise Agreement states that franchisee must consent to the 
jurisdiction of courts located outside the State of North Dakota.  This requirement may not 
be enforceable under North Dakota law.   
9. The Franchise Agreement requires the franchisee to consent to a limitation 
of claims within one year.  To the extent this requirement conflicts with North Dakota law, 
North Dakota law will apply.   
Franchise Agreement stipulates that the franchisee shall pay all costs and 
expenses incurred by Franchisor in enforcing the agreement.  For North Dakota 
franchisees, the prevailing party is entitled to recover all costs and expenses, 
including attorneys’ fees. 
10. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a 

82547833v3 
franchisee in connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have 
the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud 
in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, 
franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision 
supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise. 
The parties to this Addendum agree to be bound by the terms of this Addendum as of 
the effective date of the Agreement as evidenced by their signatures below. 
Witness: 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 

82547833v3 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT  
FOR THE STATE OF RHODE ISLAND 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to 
franchises sold in the State of Rhode Island.  If and to the extent that the Rhode Island 
franchise statutes and regulations apply to the Agreement, the following provisions 
supersede anything to the contrary in the Agreement: 
1. If Section 20(f) or 20(a) of the Agreement is inconsistent with § 19-28.1.-14 
of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act, which states that a provision 
in a franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside 
the state of Rhode Island or requiring the application of the laws of another 
state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under the Rhode 
Island Franchise Investment Act, then said Rhode Island law will apply. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date 
set forth above. 
Witness: 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 

82547833v3 
ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT  
FOR THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (the “Agreement”) pertains to franchises sold in the 
Commonwealth of Virginia.  If and to the extent that the Virginia franchise statutes and regulations 
apply to the Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to the contrary in the 
Agreement: 
1. Item 17, Additional Disclosures: 
Any provision in any of the contracts that you sign with us which provides for termination 
of the franchise upon the bankruptcy of the franchisee may not be enforceable under federal 
bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C. 101 et. seq.). 
“According to Section 13.1 – 564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a 
franchisor to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause.  If any grounds for default or 
termination stated in the franchise agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as 
that term may be defined in the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that 
provision may not be enforceable.” 
2. No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving 
any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) 
disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person 
acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document 
executed in connection with the franchise. 
3. The following applies to any Franchise Agreement entered into after June 30, 2026: 
The laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia govern the Franchise Agreement. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date set 
forth above. 
Witness: 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 

82547833v3 
Washington Addendum Franchise Agreement,  
Franchisee Compliance Questionnaire, and Related Agreements  
In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment 
Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail. 
RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the 
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be 
court decisions which may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the 
franchisor including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise.  
In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or 
mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the 
time of the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of 
arbitration or mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a 
franchisee may bring an action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of 
franchises, or a violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.  
A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the 
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when 
executed pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the 
parties are represented by independent counsel.  
Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of limitations period for 
claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury trial, may not 
be enforceable.  
Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable estimated 
or actual costs in effecting a transfer. 
Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an 
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party 
seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be 
adjusted annually for inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable 
against an independent contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent 
contractor’s earnings from the party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 
per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for inflation). As a result, any provisions 
contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that conflict with these limitations are void 
and unenforceable in Washington.  
RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee 
from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting 
or hiring any employee of the franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in the 
franchise agreement or elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington. 
Section 18(b) of the Franchise Agreement or Membership Agreement is hereby amended to 
delete the following language:  “on which you may rely.”  The remainder of Section 18(b) remains 
intact.    
No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in 
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) 

82547833v3 
waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, 
or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other 
person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any 
document executed in connection with the franchise. 
Section 19(a) of the Franchise Agreement does not apply in Washington and is hereby deleted 
in its entirety. 
The undersigned does hereby acknowledge receipt of this addendum. Dated this 
____________ day of ____________________________________ 20______. 
                         Franchisor                                  Franchisee 

82547833v3 
 ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT  
FOR THE STATE OF WISCONSIN 
This Addendum to the Franchise Agreement pertains to franchises sold in the State of 
Wisconsin.  If and to the extent that the Wisconsin franchise statutes and regulations apply 
to this Agreement, the following provisions supersede anything to the contrary in the 
Franchise Agreement: 
1. To the extent any of the provisions regarding notice of termination or change 
in dealership are in conflict with Section 135.04 of the Wisconsin Fair 
Dealership Law, the Wisconsin law shall apply.   
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Addendum as of the date 
set forth above. 
Witness: 
____________________________________ 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc., 
a Delaware corporation 
By:_________________________________L.S. 
Name:   
Title:   
Date: 

EXHIBIT E 
 

choiceADVANTAGE® Software Terms of Use 
(Revised March 2026) 
By entering this site (“Site”) and using the choic eADVANTAGE® software, together with any software updates, AI 
Tools (defined below), or other software or  API or other interfaces provided to you in c onnection therewith 
(collectively, the “Software”), you are confirming that you are an authorized franchisee of Choic e Hotels 
International, Inc. or its  subsidiaries or affiliated companies (collectively, “Choice”)*, the franchisee’s  general 
manager, or an author ized employee of the franchisee (in each case, an “Authorized User”) and accept and 
agree on behalf of yourself and the franchisee to the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”).   You must be 
an Authorized User  and agree to be bound by and comply with all of thes e Terms of Use to access or use the 
Software or this Site.  Choice has the right, at its sole discretion and from time to time, to modify , add or remove 
any terms or conditions  of these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you.  Changes will be posted on this 
Site and will be immediately effective. You agr ee to review these Terms of Use from time to time.  By subs equent 
use of the Software and this Site after  Choice posts any such c hanges, you accept and agree to the Ter ms of 
Use, as modified.  Choice may change, restrict access to, suspend, or discontinue the Software, or any portion 
of this Site, at any time without notice or liability to you or any affiliate of yours. Any terms not defined in these 
Terms of Use shall have the meaning asc ribed to them in your  Franchise Agreement.   
You acknowledge and agree that any product support and services provided with respect to the Software or this Site 
are provided by Choice or a third party (other than Microsoft) on Choice’s behalf. Any capitalized terms not otherwise 
defined in these Terms of Use shall have the meaning set forth in your Franchise Agreement.  
Ownership Rights 
You acknowledge and agree that except as permitted by the Terms of Use, you do not have any right, title or interest 
in and to the Software and you will not contest our rights in and to the Software or to current or future derivations of or 
improvements made to the Software, nor our right to register our rights in the Software or to grant to others the right to 
use the Software or any other intellectual property that we own.  You understand that the Software will remain our 
property.  
Copyrights 
The (a) Site content, including but not limited to the Software, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio/video 
clips, digital downloads, data compilations, software used to operate this Site, and all compilations of any of the above, 
and (b) any software available for download on this Site, including but not limited to any software-b ased functionality 
or tool which uses machine learning and large language models to perform tasks that typically require human 
intelligence, such as content generation, decision making, and language translation (“AI tool(s)”), are Choice’s property, 
or the property of Choice’s content suppliers, licensors, and vendors, and are protected by United States and 
international copyright laws. You may use the Software and this Site's content and downloadable software (if any)  
including but not limited to an AI Tools,  as provided in these Terms of Use and the online documentation, and not for 
any other use (direct or indirect). Prohibited uses include but are not limited to displaying, distributing, modifying, 
reproducing, republishing, decompiling, creating derivative works from, or transmitting the Software, any content on 
this Site or any software available for download from this Site in any manner without written permission from Choice. 
Should you become aware of any infringement of  Choice’s rights in this Site or the Software (including any AI Tool) , 
you shall provide Choice with immediate written  notice of all facts and circumstances of which you are aware with 
respect to the infringement.  
User Data and Feedback 
As an Authorized User, you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any information, content, or 
materials you provide or transmit for use in connection with the Services (“User Data”), including any such User Data or 
other information or content you submit as prompts or other forms of input through any AI Tool (“Input”), and ensuring that 
your Input or other User Data complies with these Terms of Use. More specifically, you are solely responsible for: (a) the 
accuracy and reliability of any User Data and Input; (b) obtaining any rights legally required to transmit, receive, use, or 
* F or Canadian franchisees, you are entering into Terms of Use with Choice Hotels International Licensing ULC, an Alberta
unlimited liability company.

 
 
store such User Data and Input through Choice’s Services in accordance with these Terms of Use and your Franchise 
Agreement; (c) preventing unauthorized access to the Services; and (d) complying with applicable law.  
 
Further, with respect to your use of any AI Tool, you are solely responsible for ensuring that: (i) you do not transmit any 
non-public, unpublished, proprietary, or embargoed information, content, or materials as Input for any AI Tool without 
securing any legally required consent or authorization; (ii) any Input you transmit through an AI Tool complies with 
applicable law and does not include third-party confidential information or intellectual property unless you have sufficient 
rights and/or consent to include such matter as part of your Input; (iii) any Input does not contain personal information 
unless you comply with applicable law related to data protection and privacy by providing notice and obtaining informed 
consent from any relevant data subjects or individuals where required; and (iv) any direct results produced by an AI Tool 
from such Input or other User Data or any other form or data generated by AI Tools (“Output”) are reviewed and evaluated 
by appropriately qualified personnel to confirm the accuracy, usefulness, and reliability of such Output before utilizing the 
Output for any intended purpose. 
 
To the extent that you provide Feedback to Choice, or if you provide any Input or other User Data through any of our 
Services including AI Tools or other Software, whether before, during or after the term of these Terms of Use, you hereby 
grant to Choice and Choice accepts, an unrestricted worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free license, 
with the right to sublicense, under its intellectual property rights to the Feedback, to incorporate or otherwise utilize 
Feedback as provided by you to Choice in the design and implementation of Choice products including the Software and 
the Site, and to design, debug, display, perform, copy, make, have made, use, sell, and otherwise dispose of and support 
Choice's and its sublicensees’ products and documentation embodying such Feedback in any manner and via any media 
Choice chooses, without reference to the source. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Choice shall have no right or license 
under your intellectual property, by implication, estoppels or otherw ise under these Terms of Use, except as to the 
Feedback provided to Choice and intended for incorporation into any of Choice's products. For the purpose of these Term 
of Use, “Feedback” means (i) your requirements, input, comments, responses, opinions, and feedback concerning the 
definition, design, use or operation of the Software or the Site and related product documentation or (ii) your technical 
system requirements for Choice to include in the Software or Site definition, design, implementation, use or operation, 
as provided by you from time to time. 
 
Confidentiality 
 
Access to this Site and the Software is limited.  You acknowledge and agree that both contain confidential material, 
including trade secrets, belonging to Choice  or its licensors .  Therefore, you may not disclose the Software or data 
contained in or results based on the operation of the Software or this Site, including Site content, to third parties without 
the prior express written consent of Choice.  Excluded from this requirement is (a) information already available to or 
in your possession prior to disclosure through use of the Software or access to this Site; (b) information that is or 
becomes lawfully available to the public; or (c) information acquired from a person who is not known to you to be in 
breach of an obligation of confidentiality.  Should you be compelled to disclose any confidential informat ion relating to 
the Software or this Site by lawful order, subpoena, or other means of compulsion of a court or other tribunal of 
competent jurisdiction, you agree to provide Choice with immediate written notice of suc h impending disclosure and 
cooperate in and to take all steps reasonably necessary to protect the confidentiality of the information, including 
cooperating in obtaining a protective order and disclosing only that which is required by such order, subpoena, or 
means of compulsion. 
 
Trademarks 
 
You acknowledge that choiceADVANTAGE®, Choice Hotels International®, and Choice Hotels® are the sole property 
of Choice and are registered in the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and other trademark offices around the world.  
Any use of these trademarks by you requires the prior express wri tten consent of Choice. Any other trademarks  that 
may be referenced on this Site are the property of their respective owner and any use by you of such trademarks 
requires the prior express written consent of the respective owner. 
 
Software Use and Site Access 
 
Subject to the terms and conditions in this agreement, Choice grants you a non-exclusive, non -transferable limited 
license during the term of your Franchise Agreement to use the Software and this Site, including, without limitiaton any 
integrated AI Tools,  only for your normal business purposes related to your franchise, as defined in your Franchise 
Agreement, so long as such use is in accordance with all laws and regulations.  You may not reproduce, duplicate, 
copy, sell, resell, rent, lease, loan, mirror, frame, sublicense, assign, transfer, disclose or otherwise exploit the content 
on this Site or the Software (including any AI Tools) for commercial use unless Choice provides you with prior written 
permission to do so. You agree that you will not use this Site to: (a) transmit spam, bulk or unsolicited communications; 

 
 
(b) pretend to be Choice or someone else, or spoof Choice's or someone else's identity; (c) forge headers or otherwise 
manipulate identifiers (including URLs) in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through this Site; (d) 
misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (e) disrupt the normal flow of dialogue or otherwise act in a manner 
that negatively affects other users' ability to use the Software or this Site; (f) engage in activities that would violate any 
fiduciary relationship, any applicable local, state, provincial, federal or international law, or any regulations having the 
force of law, including but not limited to attempting to compromise the security of any networked account or site, 
operating an illegal lottery or gamb ling operation, stalking, or making threats of harm; or (g) collect or store personal 
data or personal information about other users unless specifically authorized by such users.  Choice may refuse service, 
terminate access, and/or cancel transactions at Choice’s discretion without liability to you.  You agree that all software, 
drawings, diagrams, specifications, documentation and other material relating to the Software and the use and service 
of this Site is confidential and the proprietary property of Choice or its licensors, and you shall acquire no rights in them, 
except as set forth in these Terms of Use. 
 
You agree that you will not use any device, software, or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with the 
proper working of the Software or this Site, and that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or 
disproportionately large load on Choice’s infrastructure. In addition, you agree that you will not use any robot, spider, 
other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or co py the Software, this Site, or Choice’s web pages or the 
content contained therein, without prior written consent from Choice. 
 
You are solely responsible for the content of your submissions, and you grant to Choice, its successors and assigns, a 
non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty free, perpetual, non-revocable license to use or distribute such content in any manner 
consistent with the rights and obligations of Choice under these Terms of Use and your Franchise Agreement with 
Choice. You may not post or transmit to this Site (including any AI Tool) any material that (a) is unlawful, abusive, 
threatening, violent, harmful, obscene, pornographic, lewd, offensive, racist, defamatory, harassing, or otherwise 
objectionable to Choice; (b) might infringe the intellectual property rights, privacy rights, rights of publicity, or other 
proprietary rights of others; or contains any viruses, trojan horses, time bombs, or any other harmful programs or 
elements; and you may not modify or abridge any functionality of the Software or this Site. 
 
You will not undertake any action that may interfere with or diminish intellectual property rights of Choice or those ofany 
third parties, if applicable; prohibited actions include, but are not limited to, (i) reverse engineering, decompiling and 
disassembling any software available on the Site (including the Software) or any component thereof, except and only 
to the extent such activity is  expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation and (ii) removing, 
modifying or obscuring any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices that appear on the Software or the 
Site or that appear during use of the Software or the Site. 
 
Choice will provide you with programming services, without additional charge, to correct errors to the Software and on 
the Site.  However, Choice does not guarantee service timing or results or that all errors will be corrected. 
 
In connection with your use of the Software and the Site, you agree to:  (a) follow all operation instructions and the 
Rules and Regulations  that accompany your Franchise Agreement ; (b) provide access to your hardware and data 
transport system to enable Choice or third-party providers to perform whatever services or activities are required to 
assist you in your use of the Software and the Site; (c) have a representative trained in the use of the Software and the 
Site available to work with Choice in any support matters;  and (d) update or replace the recommended hardware as 
required by Choice in order to accommodate changes to the Software or the Site.   
 
Choice may, in our sole and absolute discretion, allow or disallow certain third parties to interface with the Software. 
You may not attach any third party equipment, interfaces or applications to the Software that have not been tested and 
approved in advance by Choice. You must receive Choice’s prior written approval to use an interface with the Software 
in the form and manner required by Choice from time to time. Even if Choice approves a third party to interface wit h 
the Software, you are solely responsible for your use of any such third party equipment, interfaces or applications and 
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Choice from any third party claims relating to such third party equipment, 
interfaces or applications. Choice reserves the right to charge you a fee (e.g. an initial set up fee, or recurring fee) for  
using an interface with the Software. With respect to an interface that you are granted permission by Choice to use with 
the Software, you must maintain a valid agreement from the applicabl e third party provider to access and use such 
third party provider’s system and services for as long as you are authorized by Choice to use such interface.  
 
Choice reserves the right to update, modify, replace, terminate or otherwise change, at any time and in our sole 
discretion, any interfaces integrated with the Software.  
 
Accessing Personal Information 
 

 
 
You may only access a person’s personal information contained in the Software or Site if such person (a) has a 
reservation at your hotel, (b) previously stayed at your hotel or (c) is interested in making or confirming a reservation at 
your hotel. In all such cases, you may only use such person’s personal information contained in the Software or Site 
for the purposes of check -in, check -out and /or billing. All other access to personal information or use of personal 
information is strictly prohibited. Personal  means any data that relates to an identified or identifiable living person, 
including, but not limited to: name, address, telephone number, credit card number, Choice Privileges number, AAA or 
other membership number, passport, driver’s license or other government ID number. 
  
Your Security Obligations 
 
The Software and this Site are accessible from anywhere on the Internet.  It is your responsibility to create, monitor, 
and manage (a) the individual user accounts that you are assigned and (b) their access rights to this Software and this 
Site. It is also your responsibility to disable assigned user accounts for those users who no longer need access to the 
Software or this Site.  You acknowledge that it is possible to contract a computer virus or other malicious code by using 
the Internet or materials downloaded from it. You acknowledge that these viruses can cause degradation of the 
Software or this Site’s performance. Therefore, you agree that you will install, update, and manage updated reasonable 
virus protection software on each computer that is used to access the Software and this Site. 
 
You will use a transport layer security (TLS) 1.2 or higher, JavaScript and Cookie-enabled browsers to log into your 
account and perform transactions. The browser(s) currently supported for accessing the Software is: Microsoft Internet 
Explorer 11 or higher.  
 
To access your account information, you will be required to enter a valid username and password. You will notice that 
Choice does not display your password in plain text as you enter it upon log- in; this is to provide an extra level of 
security.  After a specific period of inactivity, the Software will automatically close your session. In order to reenter the 
Software and this Site, you will be required to enter your username and password. You agree that each user of the Site 
will be assigned a unique username and password. You agree that you will not share your password with anyone, make 
it available to others, or write it down or post it where someone might have access to it. You will also change your 
password periodically and not use common words that can be found in the dictionary, your first or last name, or numbers 
in a series. In addition, you agree that you will not save your passwords when prompted by your browser. 
  
You will use Choice’s logout feature if you will be leaving your computer for any amount of time. Logging out will ensure 
your session is ended, and a username and password will be required to reenter the Software and this Site. You will 
close your browser after you log out. This will provide one more level of security to prevent someone from entering your 
previous session. You will promptly notify Choice of any unauthorized disclosures of your password or other breaches 
of your password or the security of the Software or this Site. You must keep the Software and all data generated by the 
Software and this Site strictly confidential.  You may not disclose it to any third parties or use it, except for your normal 
business purposes, as permitted under your Franchise Agreement. 
 
Limitation of Liability 
 
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW CHOICE AND ITS LICENSORS (INCLUDING MICROSOFT),  SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, 
PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,  OR EXEMPLARY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER, 
INCLUDING CLAIMS FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, AND COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES RESULTING FROM THESE TERMS OF USE, ACCESS TO OR ANY USE OF, 
OR INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS, OR RELIANCE ON, OR FUNCTIONING OF, THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE, 
OR RESULTING FROM ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT OR PERFORMANCE OF THE 
SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE, OR ANY LIABILITY IN NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT OR TORT WITH RESPECT TO THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE SITE REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS UPON WHICH LIABILITY IS CLAIMED, INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE ON THE PART OF CHOICE,  EVEN IF CHOICE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED 
BY APPLICABLE LAW, MICROSOFT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, WHETHER DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, ARISING FROM THE SERVICES TO BE RECEIVED PURSUANT 
TO THESE TERMS OF USE, EVEN IF MICROSOFT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT WILL CHOICE’S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION 
OR WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM THE NEGLIGENCE OF CHOICE , EXCEED THE CHARGES 
ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR ACCESS TO THE SOFTWARE AND THIS SITE DURING THE CALENDAR YEAR 
IN WHICH SUCH LIABILITY AROSE. 
 

 
 
Warranties 
 
CHOICE WARRANTS THAT THE SOFTWARE AND THIS SITE WILL PERFORM THE FUNCTIONS AND 
OPERATIONS IN MATERIAL CONFORMANCE WITH THE ONLINE DOCUMENTATION WHEN USED ON THE 
RECOMMENDED HARDWARE (BUT NO OTHER HARDWARE), PROVIDED YOU FOLLOW ALL WRITTEN 
INSTRUCTIONS AND MAKE CORRECTIONS AS DIRECTED, ARE NOT IN DEFAULT UNDER THESE TERMS OF 
USE OR YOUR FRANCHISE AGREEMENT , AND, IN THE CASE OF NONPERFORMANCE OF DOWNLOADED 
SOFTWARE, MAKE A REPORT OF SUCH NONPERFORMANCE WITHIN TWO YEARS OF YOUR DOWNLOAD OF 
THE SOFTWARE .  CHOICE’S SOLE OBLIGATION UNDER THIS WARRANTY SHALL BE TO REMEDY ANY 
NONPERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME AFTER YOU REPORT 
IT TO CHOICE. CHOICE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION REGARDING THE 
PERFORMANCE OR FUNCTIONING OF THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE UNLESS IT IS UTILIZED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE SPECIFICATIONS FOR THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE ON THE RECOMMENDED 
HARDWARE.  ALL WARRANTIES UNDER THIS PARAGRAPH ARE CONTINGENT UPON PROPER USE OF THE 
SOFTWARE AND THIS SITE AND SHALL NOT APPLY IF YOU FAIL TO COMPLY WITH OPERATING 
INSTRUCTIONS OR MAKE OR PERMIT UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THE  SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE.  YOU 
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE LIMITED WARRANTY SET FORTH ABOVE IS PROVIDED SOLELY BY 
CHOICE, AND DOES NOT ORIGINATE FROM AND IS NOT BINDING ON MICROSOFT. 
 
CHOICE MAKES NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION THAT THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE WILL MEET YOUR 
REQUIREMENTS OR THAT IT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES 
CHOICE MAKE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE 
USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION 
OBTAINED THROUGH THE SOFTWARE OR THIS SITE. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT DOWNLOADING 
OR OBTAINING ANY CONTENT, DATA, RESULTS, OR SOFTWARE THROUGH THE USE OF THE SOFT WARE 
OR THIS SITE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY 
DAMAGE DONE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD 
OF SUCH MATERIAL. 
 
EXCEPT ONLY AS EXPRESSLY STATED ABOVE, CHOICE AND MICROSOFT PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE AND 
THIS SITE AND THE SITE CONTENT "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, 
EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR COLLATERAL, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY WARRANTIES OR 
CONDITIONS IMPLIED BY LAW CANNOT BE VALIDLY WAIVED OR DISCLAIMED. THE DISCLAIMED 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO THE 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, AN D 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  
 
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED ABOVE, CHOICE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROBLEMS 
OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION OF ANY TELEPHONE NETWORK OR LINES, COMPUTER ON-LINE SYSTEMS, 
SERVERS, INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS, COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE, OR ANY COMBINATION 
THEREOF INCLUDING ANY INJURY OR DAMAGE TO YOUR OR ANY OTHER PERSON'S COMPUTER AS A 
RESULT OF USING THIS SITE.  CHOICE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS 
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR COLLATERAL, WITH RESPECT TO THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS SITE OR 
ON ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES THAT MAY BE ACCESSED FROM THIS SITE, INCLUDING ANY 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS OF THE 
INFORMATION POSTED ON THIS SITE. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR CHOOSING AN INTERNET 
SERVICE PROVIDER AND CHOICE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO THE SUITABILITY 
OR COMPATIBILITY OF ANY SUCH PROVIDER. 
 
WARRANTIES UNDER THIS SECTION SHALL NOT APPLY TO ANY INTERFACE TO THE EXTENT ANY IMPARIMENT OR 
LIMITATION ON INTERFACE PERFORMANCE OR FUNCTIONALITY IS CAUSED BY THE SYSTEM ACCESSED THROUGH 
AN INTERFACE, OR SUCH SYSTEM’S PROVIDER, OR THE INFORMATION OR DATA PROVIDED BY SUCH SYSTEM. 
CHOICE MAKES NO RECOMMENDATION, ENDORSEMENT, REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR CONDITION 
REGARDING ANY THIRD PARTY SYSTEM OR SERVICE THAT MAY INTERFACE WITH THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING THE 
CURRENT OR CONTINUING SUITABILITY OR AVAILABILITY OF SUCH SYSTEM OR SERVICE.  YOU HEREBY 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE  SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR  USE OF THE SYSTEM OR SERVICE THAT YOU 
ACCESSES VIA SUCH AN INTERFACE, AND THAT YOU WILL LOOK SOLELY TO THE THIRD PARTY PROVIDER OF SUCH 
SYSTEM OR SERVICE TO ADDRESS FUNCTIONALITY OR PERFORMANCE ISSUES ARISING OUT OF SUCH SYSTEM OR 
SERVICE. 
 

 
 
Indemnification 
 
You agree, at your expense, to indemnify, defend and hold Choice and its subsidiaries and affiliates , as well as their 
respective officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, franchisees, licensors (including Microsoft) and 
licensees, and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents,  harmless from and against any judgments, 
losses, deficiencies, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' and witness’ fees and 
expenses) incurred in connection with or arising from any claim, demand, suit, action, or proceeding arising out of your 
breach of these Terms of Use or in connection with your use of the Software or this Site or any product or service 
related to the Software or this Site.  You agree that you will immediately notify Choice in writing of the assertion of any 
claim by a third party or the discovery of any fact upon which the third party intends to base a claim hereunder.  Choice 
reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, including 
the settlement thereof, which shall not excuse your indemnity obligations. 
 
Termination 
 
Your right to access and use the Software and this Site shall terminate upon termination or expiration of your Franchise 
Agreement.  In addition, Choice may terminate these Terms of Use and your right to use the Software or this Site in 
the event that you: (a) breach any of these Terms of Use; or (b) fail to make applicable payments associated with your 
use of the Software or this Site as specified in the Rules and Regulations that accompany your Franchise Agreement.  
In addition to any damages to which it may be entitled, Choice shall be entitled to reimbursement of all costs relating 
to the breach of the Terms of Use, including reasonable attorneys’ and witness’ fees.  Your breach of these Terms of 
Use shall also cause irreparable harm to Choice and its licensors .  You agree that damages may be an inadequate 
remedy for such breach and, therefore, in addition to its rights and remedies otherwise available at law, Choice will be 
entitled to equitable relief, including both a preliminary/interlocutory and permanent injunction, if such a breach occurs. 
You waive any requirement for the posting of a bond or other security if Choice seeks such an injunction. 
 
Governing Law 
 
For U.S. franchisees: Choice creates and controls the Software and this Site in the State of Maryland, U.S.A.  
Accordingly, these Terms of Use are governed exclusively by the laws of the United States and Maryland law, except 
the Maryland Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act, which is expressly disclaimed, and without regard to 
Maryland conflicts of law principles.  You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause 
of action you may have against Choice arising out  of or related to these Terms of Use or relating to the use of the 
Software or this Site and the material contained in the Software or this Site must be filed within one (1) year after such 
claim or cause of action arises or this claim or cause of action will be forever barred. 
 
For Canadian franchisees:  These Terms of Use are governed exclusively  by the laws of the Province of Ontario, 
without regard to its conflicts of law principles.  Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use 
or relating to the use of the Software or this Site and the material contained in the Software or this Site shall be resolved 
in an Ontario court, and you expressly waive the right to file a lawsuit or proceeding in any other jurisdiction. You agree 
that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action you may have against Choice arising 
out of or related to these Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arises or 
this claim or cause of action will be forever barred. 
 
Governing Language 
 
The parties hereto confirm that it is their wish that this Agreement, as well as all other documents relating hereto, 
including all notices, have been and shall be drawn up in the English language only.  Les parties aux présentes 
confirment leur volonté que cette convention, de même que tous les documents, y compris tout avis, qui s’y rattachent, 
soient rédigés en langue anglaise. 
 
General 
 
The waiver by Choice of a breach or right under these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of any subsequent 
breach or right. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent 
jurisdiction, such provision shall be severed from the remainder of these Terms of Use, which will otherwise remain in 
full force and effect.  Choice will not be responsible for any delay or failure to provide the Software or this Site or any 
associated services, in whole or in  part, due to the following factors as they affect Choice, its licensors, agents or 
representatives or the Software or this Site: federal, state or municipal action or regulation; strikes or other labor 

 
 
troubles; fire; damage; delay in transportation; shortages of raw materials, labor, fuel or supplies; sabotage; terrorism; 
insurrection, riot or other acts of civil disobedience or public enemy; and failures or interruptions in Internet service or 
other communication failures.  You may not assign your rights or obligations under these Terms of Use, in whole or in 
part, without the prior written consent of Choice.  For the purposes of these Terms of Use, an assignment shall include 
any assignments resulting from a merger, a transfer of all or substantially all of your assets, a change of control, or by 
operation of lawIn the event that Choice finds it necessary to employ legal counsel or to bring an action at law or other 
proceeding against you to enforce any of the provisions of these Terms of Use, you agree to pay Choice, in addition to 
any damages for which you may b e responsible,  all reasonable attorneys’ and witness’ fees and expenses incurred 
by Choice.  The obligations with respect to Copyrights, Confi dentiality, Software Use and Site Access, Limitation of 
Liability, Indemnification, Termination, Governing Law, and these General provisions survive termination of your right 
of access to and use of the Software and this Site. 
 
Reservation of Rights 
 
Any rights not expressly granted to you herein are reserved to Choice and its licensors. 
 
Entire Agreement 
 
You acknowledge and agree that these Terms of Use,  your Franchise Agreement  and the applicable Rules and 
Regulations that accompany your Franchise Agreement  (and, for Canadian franchisees, your choiceA DVANTAGE 
Technology Services Agreement) are the complete and exclusive agreement between Choice and you relating to the 
Software and this Site, superseding all other agreements, proposals and communications (oral or written) related to 
the Software or this Site, including, without limitation, any prior Technology Services Agreement and Software License 
in effect between Choice and you In the event of any conflict or ambiguity between these Terms of Use, your Franchise 
Agreement or and the applicable Rules and Regulations that accompany your Franchise Agreement , these Terms of 
Use shall control. 
 
 
Address of Choice 
 
choiceADVANTAGE.com      
Choice Hotels International, Inc.     
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600     
North Bethesda, Maryland 20852     
http://www.choicehotels.com 
 
 
  

EXHIBIT F 
 

Choice ResConnect Reservations Services Program — Terms of Use 
(Revised November 2025) 
  
Thank you for your interest in Choice Hotels International, Inc. ("Choice") Choice 
ResConnect Reservations Services Program (the "Program"). To enroll one or more of 
your hotel properties in the Program, please review the terms below that will govern 
your participation in and use of the Program ("Terms of Use"), you will repeat this 
process for each property you intend to enroll in the Program. 
  
Terms of Use 
By providing your acknowledgment on the ChoiceNow request “ResConnect Enrollment / 
Modiﬁcation” , you are conﬁrming that you are either (1) an authorized franchisee in good 
standing with Choice or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies ("Franchisee"), or (2) the 
hotel’s general manager or another authorized employee of the Franchisee (in each case, 
an "Authorized Representative"), and you accept and agree to these Terms of Use on 
behalf of yourself and/or the Franchisee for your participation in the Program for the 
speciﬁc hotel property you identify on the Choice ResConnect Enrollment form (the “Hotel 
Terms of Use shall govern your participation in and use of the Program and shall be binding 
on you and your employees and contractors. Choice has the right to and may, in its sole 
discretion and from time to time, modify, add or remove any of the provisions, rights or 
obligations in these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you. We will post any changes 
we make to the Terms of Use on this Choice ResConnect page, once posted, the changes 
will be effective immediately. You agree to review these Terms of Use from time to time. By 
your participation in the Program after Choice posts any changes to the Terms of Use, you 
accept and agree to the Terms of Use, as modiﬁed. 
  
  
As used in these Terms of Use, the terms "you" and "your" shall mean you, as the person 
accepting these Terms of Use, the Franchisee, or any and all Authorized Representatives as 
applicable by the context used herein. Additionally, "we" or "us" or "our" shall mean 
Choice. 
 
 

1. The Program. 
Subject to these Terms of Use, Choice will make available to your Hotel the Service 
described below. 
  
 
Service Option: 
Choice ResConnect 
Choice will provide your Hotel with its own unique Choice ResConnect Number. Choice 
will substitute your Hotel’s published primary toll-number (the “Main Number”) with a 
designated Choice ResConnect Number for organic internet search results, and listings on 
the Choice Mobile App, ChoiceHotels.com and Choice reservation systems. This means 
that Incoming Calls can be made using the designated Choice ResConnect Number. You 
must retain your Hotel’s Main Number and keep it operational throughout the course of 
your participation in the Program. 
  
Incoming calls on your Choice ResConnect Number will be routed to an automated 
“interactive voice response” system (IVR) with a message speciﬁc to your Hotel. The caller 
will be prompted to choose either “reservations” or “all other inquiries, ” or a third option of 
your choice if required If the caller chooses the "reservations" option to book a new 
reservation, then the call will be forwarded to our Reservation Center and you will be 
charged the standard fee detailed in Section 3. If the caller chooses the "all other inquiries" 
option, then the caller be routed to your Hotel’s front desk agent and no fee will apply. If you 
would also like to implement a third option on the IVR, calls will be transferred to a 
designated telephone number of your choice and no fee will apply. Choice retains the right 
to modify your ResConnect IVR without notice. 
 
  
2. Obligations and Representations 
Once you accept these Terms of Use, you will be enrolled in the Program and you will 
receive an e-mail conﬁrmation including the Choice ResConnect Technical Requirements 
& Hotel Questionnaire. You represent and warrant that the Hotel Questionnaire you submit 
is and will be complete and accurate. You agree to notify Choice promptly of any changes 

to the information you provide in the Hotel Questionnaire. If you wish to enroll additional 
Hotels in the Program, you must accept these Terms of Use and complete a separate Hotel 
Questionnaire for each Hotel. 
  
Your participation in the program requires that you allow Choice to publish and/or retain 
your ResConnect program number on digital channels designated by Choice such as, but 
not limited to, Choicehotels.com, Google, Tripadvisor, and Bing.  
  
Choice ResConnect representatives have access to all your local negotiated rate plans 
through our reservation system. This includes rate plans you have loaded as Property 
Direct. It is your responsibility to ensure every locally negotiated rate plan has a loaded rate 
description. 
  
To enable the full functionality of the Program, you may be required to take additional 
actions, such as providing us with certain information, directions, and preferences. You 
can submit your hotel Questionnaire on ChoiceNow detailing the requirements and 
requests if necessary. If you fail to satisfy the enrollment requirements and our requests, 
you may impair your Hotel's ability to implement/participate in the Program. 
  
You agree to follow all operation instructions and the requirements of the Program as may 
be set forth in the Rules and Regulations that accompany your franchise agreement with 
Choice (the "Franchise Agreement") and which may apply to the Program. 
 
 
3. Fees — Program Fees vary by segment 
Core: Comfort, Country, Clarion, Sleep, Quality 
You will pay Choice a fee of 3.5% of the monthly Gross Room Revenue booked by the 
Program. We have the right to increase the Fee at any time upon providing notice to you. 
The Fee is due and payable by you to us for each reservation that is booked by the Program. 
If you are not able to meet the needs of the caller or do not have room inventory available 
for the dates requested, the Reservation Center sales agent may cross-sell the caller to 
another hotel property within the Choice franchise system. We will invoice you monthly for 

the Fees and other amounts due under these Terms of Use and you must pay each invoice 
in full by the ﬁrst day of the month following the month in which the invoice is issued. 
Choice reserves the right to suspend your participation in and use of the Program if you fail 
to pay any invoice in a timely manner. Fees do not include any taxes. You are solely 
responsible for paying taxes applicable to your participation in and use of the Program, 
which may include sales tax, gross receipts tax, use tax, transaction privilege tax or other 
taxes. 
  
Upscale: Ascend, Cambria, Park Plaza, Radisson, Radisson Blu, Radisson Red, 
Radisson Individuals, Radisson Collection: 
You will pay Choice a fee of 3.0% of monthly Gross Room Revenue booked by the Program. 
We have the right to increase the Fee at any time upon providing notice to you. The Fee is 
due and payable by you to us for each reservation that is booked by the Program. If you do 
not have room inventory available for the dates requested, the Reservation Center sales 
agent may cross-sell the caller to another hotel property within the Choice franchise 
system. We will invoice you monthly for the Fees and other amounts due under these 
Terms of Use and you must pay each invoice in full by the ﬁrst day of the month following 
the month in which the invoice is issued. Choice reserves the right to suspend your 
participation in and use of the Program if you fail to pay any invoice in a timely manner. Fees 
do not include any taxes. You are solely responsible for paying taxes applicable to your 
participation in and use of the Program, which may include sales tax, gross receipts tax, 
use tax, transaction privilege tax, or other taxes. 
  
Extended Stay and Economy: Mainstay, Suburban, Everhome, WoodSpring, Econo 
Lodge, Rodeway, Park Inn 
You will pay Choice a fee of $3.00 USD per call that is forwarded from your hotel or through 
the Choice ResConnect system to our CRS under the Service. (the "Fee"). We have the right 
to increase the Fee at any time upon providing notice to you. The Fee is due and payable by 
you to us for each call that is forwarded to the Reservation Center, regardless of whether 
the forwarded call results in a booking. If you do not have room inventory available for the 
dates requested, the Reservation Center sales agent may cross-sell the caller to another 
hotel property within the Choice franchise system. We will invoice you monthly for the Fees 
and other amounts due under these Terms of Use and you must pay each invoice in full by 
the ﬁrst day of the month following the month in which the invoice is issued. Choice 
reserves the right to suspend your participation in and use of the Program if you fail to pay 

any invoice in a timely manner. Fees do not include any taxes. You are solely responsible for 
paying taxes applicable to your participation in and use of the Program, which may include 
sales tax, gross receipts tax, use tax, transaction privilege tax, or other taxes. 
 
 
4. Term and Termination 
The initial term for your participation in the Program is six (6) months (the “Initial Term”). 
Your Hotel must remain enrolled in the Program for at least six (6) months and you may not 
cancel before the end of the Initial Term except as detailed below. After the Initial Term, you 
will continue to be enrolled until either party provides the other with thirty (30) days 
advance written notice of an intent to terminate. If you wish to take your Hotel out of the 
Program early, you may do so by notifying us and paying an early exit fee of $500 for each 
month remaining in the Initial Term (plus a pro rata share for the remaining portion of the 
current month). 
Default and Termination 
Non-payment. We may terminate your participation in the Program upon ﬁve (5) days 
written notice if you fail to timely pay any amounts due to Choice as a result of your 
participation in the Program. 
  
Franchise Agreement Default, Termination or Expiration. We may terminate your 
participation in the Program immediately upon any default under the Program or your 
Franchise Agreement and your participation in and use of the Program will automatically 
terminate upon the expiration (or earlier termination) of the Franchise Agreement. 
  
Removal of Choice ResConnect Number Published Listings  your removal of the Choice 
ResConnect Number from any or one of the following channels (or any other channel in 
which we list your ResConnect Number) constitutes a breach of these Terms of Use for 
which we may terminate immediately your participation in the Program: organic internet 
search, Choice Mobile App, ChoiceHotels.com and Choice Reservations systems. 
  
Additional Remedies. In addition to any damages to which it may be entitled, Choice will be 
entitled to reimbursement of all costs relating to the breach of the Terms of Use, including 
reasonable attorneys' and witness' fees. If, because of your breach of the Terms of Use, we 

terminate your participation in the Program during the ﬁrst six months after your 
enrollment, we will charge you the early exit fee. Your breach of these Terms of Use may 
also cause irreparable harm to Choice. you agree that damages may be an inadequate 
remedy and, therefore, in addition to its rights and remedies otherwise available at law, 
Choice will be entitled to equitable relief, including both a preliminary and permanent 
injunction, if such a breach occurs. You waive any requirement for the posting of a bond or 
other security if Choice seeks such an injunction. 
 
 
5. Limitation of Liability 
You expressly understand and agree that neither Choice, its licensors, nor related 
parties shall be liable for any indirect, punitive, consequential, incidental or special 
damages of any kind resulting from these terms, access to or any use of, or inability to 
use or access, or reliance on, or functioning of, the Program, regardless of the basis 
upon which liability is claimed, even if Choice has been advised of the possibility of 
such loss of damage. In no event shall Choice's liability for damages, regardless of the 
form of action, exceed the fees you actually paid in the six (6) months immediately 
preceding your claim. 
 
 
6. No Warranty 
Choice provides the Program "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either express 
or implied, except to the extent that any warranties implied by law cannot be validly 
waived or disclaimed. The disclaimed warranties, to the extent allowed by law, include 
but are not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of 
intellectual property, and ﬁtness for a particular purpose. 
  
Choice makes no warranty that the Program will meet your requirements or that it will 
be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; nor does Choice make any warranty as 
to the results that may be obtained from your participation in or use of the Program or 
as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through your participation 
in or use of the Program. 
Choice shall be not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any 
telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, internet access 

providers, computer equipment, software, or any combination thereof including any 
injury or damage to your or any other person's computer or networks as a result of 
using the Program. Choice makes no representations or warranties express or implied, 
with respect to the information received by or through your participation in or use of 
the Program, including any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, 
completeness or timeliness of the information obtained by or through your 
participation in or use of the Program. 
 
 
7. Indemnity 
You agree, at your expense, to indemnify, defend and hold Choice, as well as its officers, 
directors, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, distributors, franchisees, licensors 
and licensees harmless from and against any judgments, losses, deﬁciencies, damages, 
liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' and witness' fees and 
expenses) incurred in connection with or arising from any claim, demand, suit, action, or 
proceeding arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or in connection with your 
participation in or use of the Program or any product or service related to the Program. 
Choice reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter 
subject to indemniﬁcation by you, which shall not excuse your indemnity obligations. 
 
 
8. Trademarks 
You acknowledge that Choice Hotels International
®, Choice Hotels® and the trademarks 
associated with our brands are the sole property of Choice and are registered in the U.S. 
Patent and Trademark Office and other trademark offices around the world. Any use of 
these trademarks by you requires the prior express written consent of Choice. 
 
 
9. Governing Law 
Choice creates and controls the Program in the State of Maryland, U.S.A. Accordingly, 
these Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the United States and Maryland law, except 
the Maryland Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act, which is expressly 
disclaimed, and without regard to Maryland conﬂicts of law principles. Any controversy or 
claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or relating to your participation in or 

use of the Program and the materials related to the Program shall be resolved in a Maryland 
court. You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of 
action you may have against Choice arising out of or related to these Terms of Use must be 
ﬁled within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arises or this claim or cause of 
action will be forever barred. 
For Canadian franchisees: These Terms of Use are governed exclusively by the laws of the 
Province in which your hotel is located, without regard to its conﬂicts of law principles. Any 
controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or relating to the use of 
the Program and the material contained in the Program shall be resolved in a court in such 
Province, in a city selected by Choice, and you expressly waive the right to ﬁle a lawsuit or 
proceeding in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 
10. General 
The waiver by Choice of a breach or right under these Terms of Use will not constitute a 
waiver of any subsequent breach or right. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to 
be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be 
severed from the remainder of these Terms of Use, which will otherwise remain in full force 
and effect. Choice will not be responsible for any delay or failure of the Program or any 
associated services, in whole or in part, due to the following factors as they affect Choice, 
its licensors, agents or representatives, or the Program: federal, state or municipal action 
or regulation; strikes or other labor troubles; ﬁre; damage; delay in transportation; 
shortages of raw materials, labor, fuel or supplies; sabotage; insurrection, riot or other acts 
of civil disobedience or public enemy; and failures or interruptions in Internet service, 
networks or other communication failures. You may not assign your rights under these 
Terms of Use, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Choice. If Choice 
ﬁnds it necessary to employ legal counsel or to bring an action at law or other proceeding 
against you to enforce any of the provisions of these Terms of Use, you agree to pay Choice, 
in addition to any damages for which you may be responsible, all reasonable attorneys' and 
witness' fees and expenses incurred by Choice, if Choice prevails in such action or 
proceeding. Your obligations under these Terms of Use will survive termination of your 
participation in, right to access, and use of the Program. Any rights not expressly granted to 
you herein are reserved to Choice and its licensors. You acknowledge and agree that these 
Terms of Use are the complete and exclusive agreement between Choice and you relating 
to the Program, superseding all other agreements, proposals, and communications (oral or 
written) related to the Program. 

 
 
11. Notices 
Notices to Choice can be sent via email ResConnect@choicehotels.com. 
 

Choice ResConnect Reservations Services Program — Terms of Use - Premium 
(Revised November 2025) 
 
Thank you for your interest in Choice Hotels International, Inc. ("Choice") Choice 
ResConnect Reservations Services Program (the "Program"). To enroll one or more of 
your hotel properties in the Program, please review the terms below that will govern 
your participation in and use of the Program ("Terms of Use"), you will repeat this 
process for each property you intend to enroll in the Program. 
  
Terms of Use 
  
By providing your acknowledgment on the ChoiceNow request “ResConnect Enrollment / 
Modiﬁcation” , you are conﬁrming that you are either (1) an authorized franchisee in good 
standing with Choice or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies ("Franchisee"), or (2) the 
hotel’s general manager or another authorized employee of the Franchisee (in each case, 
an "Authorized Representative"), and you accept and agree to these Terms of Use on 
behalf of yourself and/or the Franchisee for your participation in the Program for the 
speciﬁc hotel property you identify on the Choice ResConnect Enrollment form (the “Hotel 
Terms of Use shall govern your participation in and use of the Program and shall be binding 
on you and your employees and contractors. Choice has the right to and may, in its sole 
discretion and from time to time, modify, add or remove any of the provisions, rights or 
obligations in these Terms of Use without notice or liability to you. We will post any changes 
we make to the Terms of Use on this Choice ResConnect page, once posted, the changes 
will be effective immediately. You agree to review these Terms of Use from time to time. By 
your participation in the Program after Choice posts any changes to the Terms of Use, you 
accept and agree to the Terms of Use, as modiﬁed. 
  
As used in these Terms of Use, the terms "you" and "your" shall mean you, as the person 
accepting these Terms of Use, the Franchisee, or any and all Authorized Representatives as 
applicable by the context used herein. Additionally, "we" or "us" or "our" shall mean 
Choice. 
  

 
 
1. The Program. 
Subject to these Terms of Use, Choice will make available to your Hotel the Service 
described below. 
  
 
Choice ResConnect Premium 
With Premium, callers to your Hotel will continue to use your existing Main Number as they 
did before you enrolled in the Program. With this Service Option, you will assign to us and 
we will assume that Main Number (also referred to as the “Ported Number“) by executing a 
Letter of Agency we provide to you. 
When calls are made to the Ported Number, they will be routed to an automated 
“interactive voice response” system (IVR) with a message speciﬁc to your Hotel. The caller 
will be prompted to choose either “reservations” or “all other inquiries, ” or a third option of 
your choice if required. If the caller chooses the "reservations" option to book a new 
reservation, then the call will be forwarded to our Reservation Center and you will be 
charged the standard fee detailed in Section 3. If the caller chooses the "all other inquiries" 
option, then the caller be routed to your Hotel’s front desk agent and no fee will apply. If you 
would also like to implement a third option on the IVR, calls will be transferred to a 
designated telephone number of your choice and no fee will apply. Choice retains the right 
to modify your ResConnect IVR without notice. 
  
To participate, your Hotel must have, in addition to the Main Number, at least one other 
working phone number/phone line available at your front desk ("Secondary Number"). 
Callers who chose the “all other inquiries” option will be routed to your Hotel front desk via 
the Secondary Number. 
You acknowledge that prior to activation of this Service, you are responsible for contacting 
your phone company to ensure your Secondary Number phone line is set up to roll all 
incoming calls to another available phone line if the Secondary Number phone line is in 
use. If this rollover feature (known as a "Hunt Group") isn't set up properly, calls to the 
Secondary Number while in use may go unanswered or fail. You are responsible for any 

fees charged by the phone company in connection with the implementation of the Service, 
including fees for setting up the Ported Number or Hunt Group. 
  
You agree to continue to list the Main Number as your Hotel's published phone number 
throughout your participation in the Program. You also acknowledge that Choice will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to reassign the Ported Number back to your Hotel upon 
termination of your participation in the Program, in accordance with the terms stated below 
in Section 4, however, Choice does not guarantee this reassignment back to your Hotel. 
  
 
 
 
 
2. Obligations and Representations 
Once you accept these Terms of Use, you will be enrolled in the Program and you will 
receive an e-mail conﬁrmation including the Choice ResConnect Technical Requirements 
& Hotel Questionnaire. You represent and warrant that the Hotel Questionnaire you submit 
is and will be complete and accurate. You agree to notify Choice promptly of any changes 
to the information you provide in the Hotel Questionnaire. If you wish to enroll additional 
Hotels in the Program, you must accept these Terms of Use and complete a separate Hotel 
Questionnaire for each Hotel. 
  
Your participation in the program requires that you allow Choice to publish and/or retain 
your ResConnect program number on Digital Channels as designated by Choice, such as 
but not limited to Choicehotels.com, Google, Tripadvisor, and Bing.  
  
Choice ResConnect representatives have access to all your local negotiated rate plans 
through our reservation system. This includes rate plans you have loaded as Property 
Direct. It is your responsibility to ensure every locally negotiated rate plan has a loaded rate 
description. 
  

To enable the full functionality of the Program, you may be required to take additional 
actions, such as providing us with certain information, directions, and preferences. you 
can submit your hotel Questionnaire on ChoiceNow detailing the requirements and 
requests if necessary. If you fail to satisfy the enrollment requirements and our requests, 
you may impair your Hotel's ability to implement/participate in the Program. 
  
You agree to follow all operation instructions and the requirements of the Program as may 
be set forth in the Rules and Regulations that accompany your franchise agreement with 
Choice (the "Franchise Agreement") and which may apply to the Program. 
  
 
 
3. Fees — Program Fees vary by segment 
Core: Comfort, Country, Clarion, Sleep, Quality 
You will pay Choice a fee of 3.5% of the monthly Gross Room Revenue booked by the 
Program. We have the right to increase the Fee at any time upon providing notice to you. 
The Fee is due and payable by you to us for each reservation that is booked by the Program. 
If you are not able to meet the needs of the caller or do not have room inventory available 
for the dates requested, the Reservation Center sales agent may cross-sell the caller to 
another hotel property within the Choice franchise system. We will invoice you monthly for 
the Fees and other amounts due under these Terms of Use and you must pay each invoice 
in full by the ﬁrst day of the month following the month in which the invoice is issued. 
Choice reserves the right to suspend Your participation in and use of the Program if you fail 
to pay any invoice in a timely manner. Fees do not include any taxes. You are solely 
responsible for paying taxes applicable to your participation in and use of the Program, 
which may include sales tax, gross receipts tax, use tax, transaction privilege tax or other 
taxes. 
  
Upscale: Ascend, Cambria, Park Plaza, Radisson, Radisson Blu, Radisson Red, 
Radisson Individuals, Radisson Collection: 
You will pay Choice a fee of 3.0% of monthly Gross Room Revenue booked by the Program. 
We have the right to increase the Fee at any time upon providing notice to you. The Fee is 
due and payable by you to us for each reservation that is booked by the Program. If you do 

not have room inventory available for the dates requested, the Reservation Center sales 
agent may cross-sell the caller to another hotel property within the Choice franchise 
system. We will invoice you monthly for the Fees and other amounts due under these 
Terms of Use and you must pay each invoice in full by the ﬁrst day of the month following 
the month in which the invoice is issued. Choice reserves the right to suspend your 
participation in and use of the Program if you fail to pay any invoice in a timely manner. Fees 
do not include any taxes. You are solely responsible for paying taxes applicable to your 
participation in and use of the Program, which may include sales tax, gross receipts tax, 
use tax, transaction privilege tax, or other taxes. 
  
Extended Stay and Economy: Mainstay, Suburban, Everhome, WoodSpring, Econo 
Lodge, Rodeway, Park Inn 
You will pay Choice a fee of $3.00 USD per call that is forwarded from your hotel or through 
the Choice ResConnect system to our CRS, under the Service. (the "Fee"). We have the 
right to increase the Fee at any time upon providing notice to you. The Fee is due and 
payable by you to us for each call that is forwarded to the Reservation Center, regardless of 
whether the forwarded call results in a booking. If you do not have room inventory available 
for the dates requested, the Reservation Center sales agent may cross-sell the caller to 
another hotel property within the Choice franchise system. We will invoice you monthly for 
the Fees and other amounts due under these Terms of Use and you must pay each invoice 
in full by the ﬁrst day of the month following the month in which the invoice is issued. 
Choice reserves the right to suspend your participation in and use of the Program if you fail 
to pay any invoice in a timely manner. Fees do not include any taxes. You are solely 
responsible for paying taxes applicable to your participation in and use of the Program, 
which may include sales tax, gross receipts tax, use tax, transaction privilege tax, or other 
taxes. 
  
 
 
 
4. Term and Termination 
The initial term for your participation in the Program is six (6) months (the “Initial Term”). 
Your Hotel must remain enrolled in the Program for at least six (6) months and you may not 
cancel before the end of the Initial Term except as detailed below. After the Initial Term, you 
will continue to be enrolled until either party provides the other with thirty (30) days 

advance written notice of an intent to terminate. If you wish to take your Hotel out of the 
Program early, you may do so by notifying us and paying an early exit fee of $500 for each 
month remaining in the Initial Term (plus a pro rata share for the remaining portion of the 
current month). 
  
  
Default and Termination 
Non-payment. We may terminate your participation in the Program upon ﬁve (5) days 
written notice if you fail to timely pay any amounts due to Choice as a result of your 
participation in the Program. 
  
Franchise Agreement Default, Termination or Expiration. We may terminate your 
participation in the Program immediately upon any default under the Program or your 
Franchise Agreement and your participation in and use of the Program will automatically 
terminate upon the expiration (or earlier termination) of the Franchise Agreement. 
  
Change of Main Number while on the service is a breach of these Terms of Use if your Hotel 
takes on/publishes a new Main Number, in which case we may terminate immediately your 
participation in the Program. 
  
Additional Remedies. In addition to any damages to which it may be entitled, Choice will be 
entitled to reimbursement of all costs relating to the breach of the Terms of Use, including 
reasonable attorneys' and witness' fees. If, because of your breach of the Terms of Use, we 
terminate your participation in the Program during the ﬁrst six months after your 
enrollment, we will charge you the early exit fee. Your breach of these Terms of Use may 
also cause irreparable harm to Choice. you agree that damages may be an inadequate 
remedy and, therefore, in addition to its rights and remedies otherwise available at law, 
Choice will be entitled to equitable relief, including both a preliminary and permanent 
injunction, if such a breach occurs. You waive any requirement for the posting of a bond or 
other security if Choice seeks such an injunction. 
  

Post Termination Reassignment of Ported Number, Upon termination of your participation 
in the Program, we will use commercially reasonable efforts for ninety (90) days thereafter 
("Transfer Window") to reassign the Ported Number back to your Hotel. If we are unable to 
reassign the Ported Number back to your Hotel during the Transfer Window, we may retain 
the Ported Number and/or forward it to a non-working line. You acknowledge that the 
actual termination of the Hotel's commitment and responsibility (including your payment 
of Fees) will only become effective upon the earlier of: (a) the date the Ported Number is 
actually reassigned back to the Hotel (which will be determined by several factors outside 
of Choice's control), or (b) the last day of the Transfer Window. 
 
 
 
5. Limitation of Liability 
You expressly understand and agree that neither Choice, its licensors, nor related 
parties shall be liable for any indirect, punitive, consequential, incidental or special 
damages of any kind resulting from these terms, access to or any use of, or inability to 
use or access, or reliance on, or functioning of, the Program, regardless of the basis 
upon which liability is claimed, even if Choice has been advised of the possibility of 
such loss of damage. In no event shall Choice's liability for damages, regardless of the 
form of action, exceed the fees you actually paid in the six (6) months immediately 
preceding your claim. 
 
 
 
6. No Warranty 
Choice provides the Program "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either express 
or implied, except to the extent that any warranties implied by law cannot be validly 
waived or disclaimed. The disclaimed warranties, to the extent allowed by law, include 
but are not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of 
intellectual property, and ﬁtness for a particular purpose. 
Choice makes no warranty that the Program will meet your requirements or that it will 
be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; nor does Choice make any warranty as 
to the results that may be obtained from your participation in or use of the Program or 
as to the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained through your participation 
in or use of the Program. 

Choice shall be not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any 
telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, internet access 
providers, computer equipment, software, or any combination thereof including any 
injury or damage to your or any other person's computer or networks as a result of 
using the Program. Choice makes no representations or warranties express or implied, 
with respect to the information received by or through your participation in or use of 
the Program, including any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, 
completeness or timeliness of the information obtained by or through your 
participation in or use of the Program. 
 
 
 
7. Indemnity 
You agree, at your expense, to indemnify, defend and hold Choice, as well as its officers, 
directors, employees, agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, distributors, franchisees, licensors 
and licensees harmless from and against any judgments, losses, deﬁciencies, damages, 
liabilities, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' and witness' fees and 
expenses) incurred in connection with or arising from any claim, demand, suit, action, or 
proceeding arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or in connection with your 
participation in or use of the Program or any product or service related to the Program. 
Choice reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter 
subject to indemniﬁcation by you, which shall not excuse your indemnity obligations. 
 
 
8. Trademarks 
You acknowledge that Choice Hotels International
®, Choice Hotels® and the trademarks 
associated with our brands are the sole property of Choice and are registered in the U.S. 
Patent and Trademark Office and other trademark offices around the world. Any use of 
these trademarks by you requires the prior express written consent of Choice. 
 
 
9. Governing Law 
Choice creates and controls the Program in the State of Maryland, U.S.A. Accordingly, 
these Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the United States and Maryland law, except 

the Maryland Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act, which is expressly 
disclaimed, and without regard to Maryland conﬂicts of law principles. Any controversy or 
claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or relating to your participation in or 
use of the Program and the materials related to the Program shall be resolved in a Maryland 
court. You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of 
action you may have against Choice arising out of or related to these Terms of Use must be 
ﬁled within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arises or this claim or cause of 
action will be forever barred. 
For Canadian franchisees: These Terms of Use are governed exclusively by the laws of the 
Province in which your hotel is located, without regard to its conﬂicts of law principles. Any 
controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use or relating to the use of 
the Program and the material contained in the Program shall be resolved in a court in such 
Province, in a city selected by Choice, and you expressly waive the right to ﬁle a lawsuit or 
proceeding in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 
10. General 
The waiver by Choice of a breach or right under these Terms of Use will not constitute a 
waiver of any subsequent breach or right. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to 
be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be 
severed from the remainder of these Terms of Use, which will otherwise remain in full force 
and effect. Choice will not be responsible for any delay or failure of the Program or any 
associated services, in whole or in part, due to the following factors as they affect Choice, 
its licensors, agents or representatives, or the Program: federal, state or municipal action 
or regulation; strikes or other labor troubles; ﬁre; damage; delay in transportation; 
shortages of raw materials, labor, fuel or supplies; sabotage; insurrection, riot or other acts 
of civil disobedience or public enemy; and failures or interruptions in Internet service, 
networks or other communication failures. You may not assign your rights under these 
Terms of Use, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Choice. If Choice 
ﬁnds it necessary to employ legal counsel or to bring an action at law or other proceeding 
against you to enforce any of the provisions of these Terms of Use, you agree to pay Choice, 
in addition to any damages for which you may be responsible, all reasonable attorneys' and 
witness' fees and expenses incurred by Choice, if Choice prevails in such action or 
proceeding. Your obligations under these Terms of Use will survive termination of your 
participation in, right to access, and use of the Program. Any rights not expressly granted to 
you herein are reserved to Choice and its licensors. You acknowledge and agree that these 

Terms of Use are the complete and exclusive agreement between Choice and you relating 
to the Program, superseding all other agreements, proposals, and communications (oral or 
written) related to the Program. 
 
 
11. Notices 
Notices to Choice can be sent via email ResConnect@choicehotels.com. 
 

EXHIBIT G 
 

«PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» 
«Brand_Name» 
 
Promissory Note  
 
Issuance Date: ____________ 
 
Maturity Date: ____________ 
 
$________________         «PROP_CITY», «PROP_ST» 
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, each of the undersigned (collectively, “ Maker”), jointly and severally, hereby 
promises to pay to the order of Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“ Holder”) the principal sum of 
______________________ and 00/100 Dollars ($__________) (“Principal Amount”) as provided for herein.: 
 
1. Franchise Agreement . Maker and Holder are parties to a franchise  agreement dated 
/Hd/________________________ (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the “ Franchise 
Agreement”). The parties have agreed upon certain conditions pursuant to which Holder will make a loan 
to Maker pursuant to a promissory note in substantially similar form to this promissory note (“ Note”). 
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein will have the meaning set forth in the Franchise Agreement.  
 
2. Payment. Unless otherwise accelerated pursuant to Section 3, this Note matures on the Maturity 
Date, at which time the entire Principal Amount will be due and payable in full.  
 
3. Default. The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a “Default”: (1) 
Maker’s failure to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement under the terms of this Note; (2) 
if any representation or warranty made in connection with this Note is in Holder’s opinion, false, misleading or 
incorrect in any material respect; (3) if for any reason, the Franchise Agreement terminates or is otherwise 
rendered ineffective prior to the Maturity Date; (4) the occurrence of any event(s) or existence of any situation 
that, after providing for any applicable notice/cure rights set forth in the Franchise Agreement, would provide 
Holder with a right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; (5) if all or any portion of the premises to which the 
Franchise Agreement applies ("Premises"), any interest in the Premises (including an ownership interest in 
any entity that owns the Premises), or any interest in this Note is transferred, leased, or conveyed, other than 
as security for a debt or other obligation, whether done by a direct or indirect method, or should Maker enter 
into any contractual arrangement to transfer or convey the Premises, any interest in the Premises (including 
an ownership interest in any entity that owns the Premises), any part of this Note, or any interest in this Note 
other than as security for a debt; and (6) the death of any Maker or the filing of any insolvency or bankruptcy 
proceeding by or against any Maker or the appointment of a receiver for any Maker or any Maker’s assets. If 
a Default occurs, the entire Principal Amount will be due and payable in full within fifteen (15) days after 
Maker’s receipt of a written Notice of Default from Holder. 
 
4. Interest. If the Principal Amount, or any portion thereof, is not paid on or before the Maturity Date 
(or such earlier date required by Section 3), this Note will bear interest from the date on which funds are 
due until paid in full at the annual rate of eighteen percent (18%). The maximum interest rate in California 
is 10% annually. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and charged for the actual number 
of days elapsed in each interest calculation period. Nothing in this Note will be construed or operate to 
require Maker to pay interest at a greater rate than the maximum allowed by law. Should any interest or 
other charges paid or payable by Maker under this Note result in the computation or earning of interest in 
excess of the maximum  allowed by law, then all excess interest charges are waived by Holder, and any 
such excess interest received by Holder will be automatically credited against the Principal Amount, and 
any such remaining excess received by Holder that exceeds the Principal Amount will be credited by Holder 
against Royalty Fees payable to Holder pursuant to the Franchise Agreement.  
 
5. Confession of Judgment .  Upon the occurrence of a Default, Maker hereby irrevocably 
authorizes and empowers any attorney or clerk of any court of record in the United States or 
elsewhere to appear for and, with or without declaration filed, confess judgment against Maker in 
favor of Holder or an assignee or successor of Holder, of the Note, at any time, for the full or total 
Principal Amount under this Note, together with all indebtedness provided for therein, with interest, 
costs of suit, and reasonable  attorneys’ fees; and the undersigned expressly releases all errors, 
waives all stay of execution, rights of inquisition and extension upon any levy upon real estate and 
all exemption of property from levy and sale upon any execution hereon; and Maker expressly 
agrees to condemnation and expressly relinquishes all rights to benefits or exemptions under any 

and all exemption laws now in force or which may hereafter be enacted. Maker acknowledges and 
agrees that Maker is voluntarily, knowingly, and intelligently giving up its right to notice and hearing 
prior to the entry of judgment, is granting Holder, or Holder’s assignee or successor, the right to 
confess judgment against  Maker and is freely waiving its due process rights . Maker further 
consents to immediate execution on the judgment and waives all right of appeal, ratifying and 
confirming all that the attorney or clerk may do by virtue of this Note. 
 
6. General. 
 
 No failure or delay by Holder to insist on the strict performance of any term of this Note or to exercise 
any right, power or remedy upon the occurrence of a Default or any other breach of this Note, is a waiver of 
any term or agreement or of any breach, or will preclude Holder from exercising any right, power or remedy 
at any later time unless in writing. If Holder accepts any payment after its due date, this act will not be a waiver 
of Holder's right to receive timely payment of all other amounts or to declare a default for the failure to make 
any other payment when due.  
 
 If Holder or any future holder of this Note assigns its rights under this Note, the term "Holder" as used 
in this Note will refer to such then-current assignee. This Note is not assignable by Maker. 
 
If any provision (or any part of any provision) in this Note is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable in any respect, the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision 
(or remaining part of the affected provision) of this Note, and this Note will be construed as if the invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable provision (or part of this Note) had never been contained in this Note but only to the extent 
it is invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 
This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland. 
 
Negotiable and payable at the office of: CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, I NC., 915 Meeting 
Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, Attention: Billing Department. 
 
 In Witness Whereof, Maker acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Note as evidenced by its 
signature under seal as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 

EXHIBIT H 

Franchise 
EXHIBIT H.A. 
CAPITAL SUPPORT PROMISSORY NOTE 

 
 
INCENTIVE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 
/L1/           
 
$______________                              City, State          Date:/Hd/    
 
 
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, each of  the undersigned (collectively, “ Maker”), jointly and severally hereby 
promises to pay to the order of Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“ Holder”) the principal sum of 
_____________ And 00/100 Dollars ($____________) (the “Principal Amount”), or such lesser amount as 
shall then equal the outstanding Principal Amount hereof on the terms and conditions set forth hereinafter, 
together with interest thereon, as provided for herein.  Holder will lend Franchisee Name (“Franchisee”), 
which is a Maker under this Incentive Promissory Note,  the Principal Amount upon the completion of the 
payment conditions set forth in this Note . Capitalized terms used but not defined herein will have the 
meaning ascribed to such terms in the Franchise Agreement (defined below).   
 
1. Background and Certain Definitions . Maker, Holder and Franchisee are parties to a franchise 
agreement dated /Hd/____________________________, (as may be amended or supplemented from time 
to time, the “Franchise Agreement”), which Franchise Agreement, among other items, states that Holder 
will make a loan to Franchisee pursuant to a promissory note in substantially similar form to this promissory 
note (the “Note”). Holder will lend Franchisee an amount equal to _____ shortly after completion of the 
following payment conditions: (i) occurrence of the Opening Date on or before the Opening Deadline; (ii) 
Holder’s receipt of evidence that Franchisee is the deedholder of the Hotel; (iii) Holder’s receipt of evidence 
that the ownership of Franchisee continues to match the ownership reflected in Schedule A of the Franchise 
Agreement; and (iv) Maker or Franchisee not being in default under the Franchise Agreement or not owing 
any past due or outstanding amounts under the Franchise Agreement or any related agreement.   
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Holder shall have no obligation to advance any portion of 
the Principal Amount if Maker or Franchisee owes any amounts to Holder under the Franchise Agreement 
or any related agreement. Holder may, in its sole discretion, set off and apply any amounts otherwise 
payable to Maker or Franchisee under this Note against any amounts owed to Holder under the Franchise 
Agreement or any related agreement, whether now existing or hereafter arising. 
 
2. Interest . 
 
 2.1 This Note will bear interest on the outstanding Principal Amount only (and not on any 
previously accrued or unpaid interest) from the date on which funds are advanced to Maker  (the 
“Distribution Date”) until the Principal Amount is paid in full at the annual rate of Prime plus two percent 
(prime plus 2%) (the “Rate of Interest”). “Prime” initially refers to the prime rate quoted by the Wall Street 
Journal Prime Rate as of the Distribution Date, and during the period in which all or any portion of the 
Principal Amount remains outstanding, shall adjust from time to time as the rate quoted by the Wall Street 
Journal adjusts. Rate of Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360 -day year charged for the actual 
number of days elapsed in each interest calculation period and shall be applied solely to the outstanding 
Principal Amount. The maximum interest rate in California is 10% annually. 
 
 2.2 Nothing in this Note will be construed or operate to require Maker to pay interest at a 
greater rate than the maximum allowed by law. Should any interest or other charges paid or payable by 
Maker under this Note result in the computation or earning of interest in excess of the maximum allowed 
by law, then all excess interest charges are waived by Holder, and any such excess interest received by 
Holder will be automatically credited against the Principal Amount, and any such remaining excess received 
by Holder that exceeds the Principal Amount will be credited by Holder against Royalty Fees payable to 
Holder pursuant to the Franchise Agreement.   
 

 
 
3. Use of Proceeds. Maker agrees that the entire proceeds of this Note will be used solely for 
purposes related to the construction and operation of a Brand hotel pursuant to the Franchise Agreement. 
 
4. Payment. 
 
 4.1 Unless otherwise accelerated pursuant to Section 5.2, this Note matures ___ (__) years 
from the Opening Date (the " Maturity Date"), at which time the entire Principal Amount, all accrued and 
unpaid interest on this Note and all other sums due under this Note will be due and payable in full.   
 
 4.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no payments (of either the Principal Amount or any 
associated interest) will be due or payable under this Note unless and until a Default (as defined in Section 
5.1 hereof) occurs.  If no Default (i) has occurred before the Maturity Date, or (ii) is occurring on the Maturity 
Date, then the entire Principal Amount and all accrued interest will be waived and forgiven by Holder as of 
the Maturity Date.   
 
 4.3 As of each anniversary of the Opening Date, unless a Default has occurred, the loan 
balance shall automatically be reduced by: (a) 1/__th of the Principal Amount (the “Forgiven Amount”), and 
(b) all accrued interest on the Forgiven Amount.   
 
 4.4 Payments on this Note shall be made in lawful currency of the United States of America to 
Holder, at the address set forth in Section 6.3 of this Note or such other address as Holder may designate 
by written notice to Maker. 
 
5. Default. 
 
5.1 The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a “Default”:  (1) 
Maker’s failure to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement under the terms of this Note or 
under the terms of any documents signed in connection with this Note, if any, (including, but not limited to, 
any commitment, loan agreement,  stock pledge agreement or guaranty) or any other note or other 
obligation payable by Maker to Holder; (2) if any representation or warranty made in connection with this 
Note or in any report, opinion, schedule or certification with this Note or later submitted to Holder is in 
Holder’s opinion, false, misleading or incorrect in any material respect; (3) if for any reason, the Franchise 
Agreement terminates or is otherwise rendered ineffective prior to the Maturity Date; (4) the occurrence of 
any event(s) or existence of any situation that, after providing for any applicable notice/cure rights set forth 
in the Franchise Agreement, would provide Holder with a right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; (5) if 
all or any portion of the premises to which the Franchise Agreement applies (the "Premises"), any interest 
in the Premises (including an ownership interest in any entity that owns the Premises), or any interest in 
this Note is transferred, leased, or conveyed, other than as security for a debt or other obligation, whether 
done by a direct or indirect method, or should Franchisee enter into any contractual arrangement to transfer 
or convey the Premises, any interest in the Premises (including an ownership interest in any entity that 
owns the Premises), any part of this Note, or any interest in this Note other than as security for a debt, 
unless, within 30 days of such transfer, Holder enters into a new Brand  franchise agreement with the 
transferee for the Premises, and the transferee assumes all of Maker's obligations under this Note and 
executes Holder's then-current form of Assumption of Promissory Note; and (6) the filing of any insolvency 
or bankruptcy proceeding by or against any Maker or the appointment of a receiver for any Maker or any 
Maker’s assets. 
 
 5.2 If a Default occurs, at Holder’s option, the Default Payment Amount (as defined below) will 
immediately become due and payable by Maker to Holder without notice to Maker or any other person or 
entity. The “Default Payment Amount” means the sum of: (a) the original Principal Amount less an amount 
equal to the product resulting from multiplying the original Principal Amount by a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the number of full calendar years that have elapsed since the Opening Date, and the denominator 
of which is ten (10) (the amount resulting from this calculation is referred to as the "Amount Due"); plus (b) 
interest on the Amount Due calculated from the Distribution Date at the Rate of Interest. 
 
5.3 Interest will accrue on the Default Payment Amount at the Rate of Interest until the Default 

 
 
Payment Amount has been paid in full; provided, that if such Default Payment Amount has not been paid 
in full by the date that is fifteen (15) days after the date such amount became due and payable, interest will 
begin to accrue at a default annual rate equal to Prime plus seven percent (prime plus 7%). The maximum 
interest rate in California is 10% annually. 
 
5.4 The following provisions are applicable upon the occurrence of a Default:  (A) Maker will 
pay Holder all expenses, costs and attorneys' fees that Holder incurs in connection with Holder’s collection 
of any monies due under this Note or for the enforcement  of any right under this Note or under any other 
agreement related to the loan evidenced by this Note, and (B) Holder may exercise any or all other rights, 
powers and remedies provided for in any instrument, document or agreement now or later evidencing  
security or otherwise relating to the loan evidenced by this Note or now or later existing at law or in equity 
or by statute or otherwise.   
 
5.5 CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT . Upon the occurrence of a Default, Maker hereby 
irrevocably authorizes and empowers any attorney or clerk of any court of record in the United 
States or elsewhere to appear for and, with or without declaration filed, confess judgment against 
Maker in favor of Holder or an assignee or successor of Holder, of the Note, at any time, for the full 
or total Default Payment Amount under this Note, together with all indebtedness provided for 
therein, with interest, costs of suit, and reasonable attorneys’ fees; and the undersigned expressly 
releases all errors, waives all stay of execution, rights of inquisition and extension upon any levy 
upon real estate and all exemption of property from levy and sale upon any execution hereon; and 
Maker expressly agrees to cond emnation and expressly relinquishes all rights to benefits or 
exemptions under any and all exemption laws now in force or which may hereafter be enacted. 
Maker acknowledges and agrees that Maker is voluntarily, knowingly, and intelligently giving up its 
right to notice and hearing prior to the entry of judgment, is granting Holder, or Holder’s assignee 
or successor, the right to confess judgment against  Maker and is freely waiving its due process 
rights. Maker further consents to immediate execution on the judgment and waives all right of 
appeal, ratifying and confirming all that the attorney or clerk may do by virtue of this Note. 
 
 5.6 Maker waives demand, presentment for payment, protest and notice of dishonor and 
agrees that at any time and from time to time and with or without consideration, Holder may, without notice 
to or further consent of Maker and without in any manner releasing, lessening, or affecting the obligations 
of any of them:  (1) release, surrender, waive, add, substitute, settle, exchange, compromise, modify, 
extend, or grant indulgences with respect to (a) this Note, (b) all or any part of any collateral or security for 
this Note, and (c) Maker or any of them; and (2) grant any extension or other postponements of the time of 
payment of this Note. 
 
6. General. 
 
6.1 Cumulative Rights.  Each right, power and remedy of Holder as provided for in this Note or 
now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise is cumulative and concurrent and is 
in addition to every other right, power or remedy, and Holder’s exercise or beginning of exercise of any one 
or more of these rights, powers or remedies will not preclude Holder’s simultaneous or later exercise of any 
or all these other rights, powers or remedies. 
 
 6.2 No Waiver; Application of Payment .   No failure or delay by Holder to insist on the strict 
performance of any term of this Note or to exercise any right, power or remedy upon the occurrence of a 
Default or any other breach of this Note, is a waiver of any term or agreement or of any breach, or preclude 
Holder from exercising any right, power or remedy at any later time unless in writing.  If Holder accepts any 
payment after its due date, this act will not be a waiver of Holder's right to receive timely  payment of all 
other amounts or to declare a default for the failure to make any other payment when due.  Any partial 
payments under this Note may be applied to pay interest, the Principal Amount, the Amount Due or costs 
as Holder, in its sole discretion determines. 
 

 
 
6.3 Notices.  All notices required under this Note must be in writing, must be personally 
delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by a nationally recognized 
courier service, to Holder at Choice Hotels International, Inc., 915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North 
Bethesda, Maryland 20852, Attention:  General Counsel , and to Maker at the Designated 
Representative's address identified in the Franchise Agreement. Either Holder or Maker may change the 
applicable address to which such notices are to be sent by written notice to the other party; provided, that 
Maker may only change the Designated Representative by written notice to Holder delivered in compliance 
with the Franchise Agreement.  Maker authorizes the Designated Representative to receive Holder’s written 
notices to Maker as its agent.  Any notice by registered or certified mail or by reputable national courier 
service is deemed given and received at the date and time of sending.   
 
 6.4 Severability.  If any provision (or any part of any provision) in this Note is for any reason 
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not 
affect any other provision (or remaining part of the affected provision) of this Note, and this Note will be 
construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision (or part of this Note) had never been contained 
in this Note but only to the extent it is invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 
 6.5 Assignment.  If Holder or any future holder of this Note assigns its rights under this Note, 
the term "Holder" as used in this Note will refer to such then-current assignee. 
 
 6.6 Choice of Law.  This Note is a contract made under, and for all purposes will be construed 
in accordance with, the internal laws and judicial decisions of the State of Maryland.  Maker and Holder 
agree that any dispute arising out of this Note is subject to the jurisdi ction of both the state and federal 
courts in the State of Maryland.  For that purpose, Maker submits to the jurisdiction of the state and federal 
courts of the State of Maryland.  Maker further agrees to accept service of process out of any of the before-
mentioned courts in any dispute by registered, certified mail or international courier service addressed to 
Maker.   
 
6.7. Confidentiality. You agree to keep the provisions of this Note in strict confidence and will 
not disclose them to any persons other than your directors, officers, partners, employees, agents and 
advisors that have a need to know.  Any unauthorized disclosure is a Default under this Note as defined in 
Section 5.1 hereto. 
 
 6.8 Integration. This document embodies the entire agreement of the parties with respect to 
this Note. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, or undertakings other than those 
expressly set forth or referred to in this document. This d ocument supersedes all prior agreements and 
understandings between the parties with respect to this Note.  
 
6.9 Waiver of Trial by Jury . THE MAKER AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY 
JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO WHICH THE MAKER AND THE HOLDER MAY BE 
PARTIES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY PERTAINING TO THIS NOTE.  IT IS AGREED AND 
UNDERSTOOD THAT THIS WAIVER CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS 
AGAINST ALL PARTIES TO SUCH ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING CLAIMS AGAINST 
PARTIES WHO ARE NOT PARTIES TO THIS NOTE. 
 
[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 
  

 
 
 
 In Witness Whereof, Maker acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Note as evidenced by its 
signature under seal as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 

EXHIBIT H.B. 
INCENTIVE PROMISSORY  NOTE 

Incentive Promissory Note («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID»)  
Date  
 
            «PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» 
                         «Brand_Name» 
 
 
INCENTIVE PROMISSORY NOTE 
 
 
$________________           City, State    Date:    
 
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, each of the undersigned (collectively, “ Maker”), jointly and severally 
hereby promises to pay to the order of Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“ Holder”) the principal 
sum of ________________ Dollars ($________) (the “Principal Amount”), or such lesser amount 
as shall then equal the outstanding Principal Amount hereof on the terms and conditions set forth 
hereinafter, together with interest thereon, as provided for herein.  Pursuant to the terms of the 
Franchise Agreement (defined below), Holder will lend Maker the sum of $_________ upon the 
occurrence of the Opening Date, as defined in the Franchise Agreement. Capitalized terms used 
but not defined herein will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Franchise Agreement.   
 
1. Background and Certain Definitions. Maker and Holder are parties to a franchise 
agreement dated ______________, (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the 
“Franchise Agreement”), which Franchise Agreement, among other items, set forth certain 
conditions pursuant to which Holder will make a loan to Maker pursuant to a promissory note in 
substantially similar form to this promissory note (the “Note”). 
 
2. Interest. 
 
 2.1 This Note will bear interest on the outstanding Principal Amount only (and not on 
any previously accrued or unpaid interest) from the date on which funds are advanced to Maker 
(the “Distribution Date”) until the Principal Amount is paid in full at the annual rate of Prime plus 
two percent (2%) (the “Rate of Interest”). “Prime” initially refers to the prime rate quoted by the 
Wall Street Journal Prime Rate as of the Distribution Date, and during the period in which all or 
any portion of the Principal Amount remains outstanding, shall adjust from time to time as the rate 
quoted by the Wall Street Journal adjusts. Rate of Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-
day year charged for the actual number of days elapsed in each interest calculation period and 
shall be applied solely to the outstanding Principal Amount. The maximum interest rate in 
California is 10% annually. 
 
 2.2 Nothing in this Note will be construed or operate to require Maker to pay interest 
at a greater rate than the maximum allowed by law. Should any interest or other charges paid or 
payable by Maker under this Note result in the computation or earning of interest in excess of the 
maximum allowed by law, then all excess interest charges are waived by Holder, and any such 
excess interest received by Holder will be automatically credited against the Principal Amount, 
and any such remaining excess received by  Holder that exceeds the Principal Amount will be 
credited by Holder against Royalty Fees payable to Holder pursuant to the Franchise Agreement.   
 
3. Use of Proceeds. Maker agrees that the entire proceeds of this Note will be used solely 
for purposes related to the operation of a «Brand_Name» hotel pursuant to the Franchise 
Agreement. 
 
 

Incentive Promissory Note  («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» ) 
Page 2 
 
Incentive Promissory Note   («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» )  
Date  
 
 
 
4. Payment. 
 
 4.1 Unless otherwise accelerated pursuant to Section 5.2, this Note matures one 
hundred and twenty (120) months from the Opening Date (the "Maturity Date"), at which time the 
entire Principal Amount, all accrued and unpaid interest on this Note and all other sums due under 
this Note will be due and payable in full.   
 
 4.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no payments (of either the Principal Amount or any 
associated interest) will be due or payable under this Note unless and until a Default (as defined 
in Section 5.1 hereof) occurs.  If no Default (i) has occurred before the M aturity Date, or (ii) is 
occurring on the Maturity Date, then the entire Principal Amount and all accrued interest will be 
waived and forgiven by Holder as of the Maturity Date.   
 
 4.3 As of each anniversary of the Opening Date, unless a Default has occurred, the 
loan balance shall automatically be reduced by: (a) 1/10
th of the Principal Amount (the “Forgiven 
Amount”), and (b) all accrued interest on the Forgiven Amount.   
 
 4.4 Payments on this Note shall be made in lawful currency of the United States of 
America to Holder, at the address set forth in Section 6.3 of this Note or such other address as 
Holder may designate by written notice to Maker. 
 
5. Default. 
 
5.1 The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute a 
“Default”:  (1) Maker’s failure to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement under 
the terms of this Note or under the terms of any documents signed in connection with this Note, 
if any, (including, but not limited to, any commitment, loan agreement, stock pledge agreement or 
guaranty) or any other note or other obligation payable by Maker to Holder; (2) if any 
representation or warranty made in connection with this Note or in any report, opinion, schedule 
or certification with this Note or later submitted to Holder is in Holder’s opinion, false, misleading 
or incorrect in any material respect; (3) if for any reason, the Franchise Agreement terminates or 
is otherwise rendered ineffective; (4) the occurrence of any event(s) or existence of any situation 
that, after providing for any applicable notice/cure rights set forth in the Franchise Agreement, 
would provide Holder with a right to terminate the Franchise Agreement; (5) if all of any portion of 
the premises to which the Franchise Agreement applies (the " Premises"), any interest in the 
Premises (including an ownership interest in any entity that owns the Premises), or any interest 
in this Note is transferred, leased, or conveyed, other than as security for a debt or other 
obligation, whether done by a direct or indirect method, or should Maker enter into any contractual 
arrangement to transfer or convey the Premises, any interest in the Premises (including an 
ownership interest in any entity that owns the Premises), any part of this Note, or any interest in 
this Note other than as security for a debt, unless, within 30 days of such transfer, Holder enters 
into a new «Brand_Name» franchise agreement with the transferee for the Premises, and the 
transferee assumes all of Maker's obligations under this Note and executes Holder's then-current 
form of Assumption of Promissory Note; (6) the filing of any insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding 
by or against any Maker or the appointment of a receiver for any Maker or any Maker’s assets; 
and (7) the death of any Maker unless (i) within 30 days upon death of a Maker, Holder is notified 
of such death, and (ii) within 60 days of said notification, this Note is transferred to and assumed 

Incentive Promissory Note  («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» ) 
Page 3 
 
Incentive Promissory Note   («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» )  
Date  
 
by a new individual within Maker’s family, that Holder approves in its sole discretion, by executing 
Holder’s then-current form of Assumption of Promissory Note. 
 
 5.2 If a Default occurs, at Holder’s option, the Default Payment Amount (as defined 
below) will immediately become due and payable by Maker to Holder without notice to Maker or 
any other person or entity. The “ Default Payment Amount” means the sum of: (a) the original 
Principal Amount less an amount equal to the product resulting from multiplying the original 
Principal Amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full calendar months that 
have elapsed since the Opening Date, and the denominator of which is one hundred twenty (120) 
(the amount resulting from this calculation is referred to as the " Amount Due"); plus (b) interest 
on the Amount Due calculated from the Distribution Date at the Rate of Interest. 
 
5.3 Interest will accrue on the Default Payment Amount at the Rate of Interest until the 
Default Payment Amount has been paid in full; provided, that if such Default Payment Amount 
has not been paid in full by the date that is fifteen (15) days after the date such amount became 
due and payable, interest will begin to accrue at a default annual rate equal to Prime plus seven 
percent (prime plus 7%). The maximum interest rate in California is 10% annually. 
 
5.4 The following provisions are applicable upon the occurrence of a Default:  (A) 
Maker will pay Holder all expenses, costs and attorneys' fees that Holder incurs in connection 
with Holder’s collection of any monies due under this Note or for the enforcement of any right 
under this Note or under any other agreement related to the loan evidenced by this Note, and (B) 
Holder may exercise any or all other rights, powers and remedies provided for in any instrument, 
document or agreement now or later evidencing security or otherwise relating to the loan 
evidenced by this Note or now or later existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise.   
 
5.5 CONFESSION OF JUDGMENT . Upon the occurrence of a Default, Maker 
hereby irrevocably authorizes and empowers any attorney or clerk of any court of record 
in the United States or elsewhere to appear for and, with or without declaration filed, 
confess judgment against Maker in favor of Holder or an assignee or successor of Holder, 
of the Note, at any time, for the full or total Default Payment Amount under this Note, 
together with all indebtedness provided for therein, with interest, costs of suit, and 
reasonable attorneys’ fees; and the undersigned expressly releases all errors, waives all 
stay of execution, rights of inquisition and extension upon any levy upon real estate and 
all exemption of property from levy and sale upon any execution hereon; and Maker 
expressly agrees to condemnation and expressly relinquishes all rights to benefits or 
exemptions under any and all exemption laws now in force or which may hereafter be 
enacted. Maker acknowledges and agrees that Maker is voluntarily, knowingly, and 
intelligently giving up its right to notice and hearing prior to the entry of judgment, is 
granting Holder, or Holder’s assignee or successor, the right to confess judgment 
against Maker and is freely waiving its due process rights. Maker further consents to 
immediate execution on the judgment and waives all right of appeal, ratifying and 
confirming all that the attorney or clerk may do by virtue of this Note. 
 
 5.6 Maker waives demand, presentment for payment, protest and notice of dishonor 
and agrees that at any time and from time to time and with or without consideration, Holder may, 
without notice to or further consent of Maker and without in any manner releasing, lessening, or 
affecting the obligations of any of them:  (1) release, surrender, waive, add, substitute, settle, 
exchange, compromise, modify, extend, or grant indulgences with respect to (a) this Note, (b) all 

Incentive Promissory Note  («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» ) 
Page 4 
 
Incentive Promissory Note   («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» )  
Date  
 
or any part of any collateral or security for this Note, and (c) Maker or any of them; and (2) grant 
any extension or other postponements of the time of payment of this Note. 
 
6. General. 
 
6.1 Cumulative Rights.  Each right, power and remedy of Holder as provided for in this 
Note or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute or otherwise is cumulative and 
concurrent and is in addition to every other right, power or remedy, and Holder’s exercise or 
beginning of exercise of any one or more of these rights, powers or remedies will not preclude 
Holder’s simultaneous or later exercise of any or all these other rights, powers or remedies. 
 
 6.2 No Waiver; Application of Payment.   No failure or delay by Holder to insist on the 
strict performance of any term of this Note or to exercise any right, power or remedy upon the 
occurrence of a Default or any other breach of this Note, is a waiver of any term or agreement or 
of any breac h, or preclude Holder from exercising any right, power or remedy at any later time 
unless in writing.  If Holder accepts any payment after its due date, this act will not be a waiver of 
Holder's right to receive timely payment of all other amounts or to declare a default for the failure 
to make any other payment when due.  Any partial payments under this Note may be applied to 
pay interest, the Principal Amount, the Amount Due or costs as Holder, in its sole discretion 
determines. 
 
6.3 Notices.  All notices required under this Note must be in writing, must be personally 
delivered or mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by a nationally 
recognized courier service, to Holder at Choice Hotels International, Inc., 915 Meeting Street, 
Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852, and to Maker at the Designated Representative's 
address identified in the Franchise Agreement. Either Holder or Maker may change the applicable 
address to which such notices are to be s ent by written notice to the other party; provided, that 
Maker may only change the Designated Representative by written notice to Holder delivered in 
compliance with the Franchise Agreement.  Maker authorizes the Designated Representative to 
receive Holder’s written notices to Maker as its agent.  Any notice by registered or certified mail 
or by reputable national courier service is deemed given and received at the date and time of 
sending.   
 
 6.4 Severability.  If any provision (or any part of any provision) in this Note is for any 
reason held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the invalidity, illegality or 
unenforceability will not affect any other provision (or remaining part of the affected provision) of 
this Note, and this Note will be construed as if the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision (or 
part of this Note) had never been contained in this Note but only to the extent it is invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable. 
 
 6.5 Assignment.  If Holder or any future holder of this Note assigns its rights under this 
Note, the term "Holder" as used in this Note will refer to such then-current assignee. 
 
 6.6 Choice of Law.  This Note is a contract made under, and for all purposes will be 
construed in accordance with, the internal laws and judicial decisions of the State of Maryland.  
Maker and Holder agree that any dispute arising out of this Note is subject to the jurisdi ction of 
both the state and federal courts in the State of Maryland.  For that purpose, Maker submits to 
the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of the State of Maryland.  Maker further agrees to 
accept service of process out of any of the before-mentioned courts in any dispute by registered, 
certified mail or international courier service addressed to Maker.   

Incentive Promissory Note  («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» ) 
Page 5 
 
Incentive Promissory Note   («PROP_CODE» - «CONTRACT_ID» )  
Date  
 
 
6.7. Confidentiality. You agree to keep the provisions of this Note in strict confidence 
and will not disclose them to any persons other than your directors, officers, partners, employees, 
agents and advisors that have a need to know.  Any unauthorized disclosure is a Default under 
this Note as defined in Section 5.1 hereto. 
6.8 Integration. This document embodies  the entire agreement of the parties with 
respect to this  Note. There are no restrictions, promises, representations, warranties, or 
undertakings other than those expressly set forth or referred to in this document. This  document 
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with the respect to 
this Note.  
 
6.9 Waiver of Trial by Jury . THE MAKER AND THE HOLDER HEREBY WAIVE 
TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO WHICH THE MAKER AND THE 
HOLDER MAY BE PARTIES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY PERTAINING TO THIS 
NOTE.  IT IS AGREED AND UNDERSTOOD THAT THIS WAIVER CONSTITUTES A WAIVER 
OF T RIAL BY JURY OF ALL CLAIMS AGAINST ALL PARTIES TO SUCH ACTIONS OR 
PROCEEDINGS, INCLUDING CLAIMS AGAINST PARTIES WHO ARE NOT PARTIES TO 
THIS NOTE. 
 
 In Witness Whereof, Maker acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Note as 
evidenced by its signature under seal as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT I 

391-20170119 x
Your Application for Financing is Approved
Finance Agreement
_______
Prepared On March 6, 2017
Prepared For
Customer Name
Address
City, State, Zip Code
Financing Provided By
Ascentium Capital LLC
23970 HWY 59 N
Kingwood TX 77339
Enclosed is your Finance agreement. The below instructions will help you complete your documents: 
 Include a copy of your driver's license (all signors).
 Include a copy of your business check payable to Ascentium Capital LLC for the below invoice amount.  Please write your 
agreement number on the memo line.  This check copy will be used to initiate payment via ACH/EFT withdrawal.  Do not mail the 
original check.
 Return completed cover page and documents by Email to  VSR@AscentiumCapital.com or by Fax to 1-866-846-3680.
Please Complete Signor Information for _____________________
Cell Phone: Home Phone: 832-766-7224
Email:
Federal Tax ID:
Equipment Location:
(Please update if incorrect)
_______________________________
Updated address:
INVOICE AMOUNT INVOICE DETAILS 
$ Advanced Payment Amount
$ Processing Fee(s)  
$0.00 Less Money Received 
$ TOTAL AMOUNT DUE AT SIGNING 
Ascentium Capital greatly appreciates your business. If you have any questions, please contact me.
Phone:  
Email:  .  
##SalesApprove##


251-20160830
AUTHORIZATION TO PERFORM VERBAL VERIFICATION
Agreement No. _______
The undersigned hereby authorizes Ascentium Capital LLC to perform a verbal verification accepting the terms and conditions of the above-
referenced Agreement and confirming the identification and condition of the Collateral or Equipment subject thereto.
The undersigned agrees that a facsimile or other image of this Authorization to Perform Verbal Verification, as executed, shall be deemed the 
equivalent of the originally executed copy for all purposes.
Person(s) Authorized to Provide Verbal Verification:
Name: ##VerbalName1## Title: ##VerbalTitle1## Phone: ##VerbalPhone1##
Name: ##VerbalName2## Title: ##VerbalTitle2## Phone: ##VerbalPhone2##
Name: ##VerbalName3## Title: ##VerbalTitle3## Phone ##VerbalPhone3##
CUSTOMER:  ___________________________________
Signature: ##BusSign##
Printed Name:
Title: Date: ##BusSignDate##


1291-20161202 Page 1 of  2
EQUIPMENT FINANCE AGREEMENT
No. ______
DEBTOR: ADDRESS TERM: 
PAYMENT SCHEDULE:  ___ @ $_____
COLLATERAL: Items  of personal property as generally described herein which Ascentium Capital LLC (“Secured Party”) and Debtor agree that a more detailed description of the property being 
financed shall be maintained by us among our books and records in whatever more detailed description of the property financed is received from the supplier of such property and, absent manifest 
error, such detailed description shall be considered incorporated into this Equipment Finance Agreement and shall be provided to Debtor promptly upon request.  
Personal Property
  Description:   _______________________
1. Definitions :   The words “you” and “your” refer to the DEBTOR, its successors and permitted assigns, as shown above. The words “we”, “us” and “our” refer to the SECURED PARTY, its successors
and assigns.
2. Acceptance;  Representations & Warranties:   We agree to lend to you, and you agree to borrow from us, an amount for the financing of the Collateral.  This Equipment Finance Agreement (this 
“Agreement”) has  an interim term (“Interim Term”) and an initial term (“Initial Term”).  The foregoing, collectively, the “Term”. The Interim Term starts on the date of the funding of the loan evidenced by
this Agreement. The Initial Term starts on the billing date specified by us in our sole discretion (the “Commencement Date”).  We shall have no obligations under this Agreement whatsoever until we 
accept and sign this Agreement at our office and the satisfaction in our sole discretion of all conditions we may specify including our receipt of all documents we specify.  You represent and warrant to 
us that all information conveyed to us in connection with this Agreement and all related documents whether by you, a guarantor, the supplier or any other person, is true, accurate, complete and not
misleading. If you are an entity, the person executing this Agreement on your behalf represents to us that they are authorized to do so, making this Agreement the valid and binding act of the entity.
3. Security  Interest:   You hereby grant to us a security interest under the Uniform Commercial Code (“UCC”) in the Collateral and all accessories and additions thereto and replacements thereof and 
all proceeds  and products of the foregoing. Such security interest is granted to secure payment and performance by you of your obligations hereunder. All amounts received from you under this
Agreement shall be applied towards your obligations to us as we determine.
4. Payments :  You promise to pay us the number of payments shown above, each in the amount shown above, commencing on the Commencement Date and continuing on the same day of each 
month thereafter  during the Initial Term (each a “Payment”, and each day a Payment is due hereunder a “Payment Date”), without need of an invoice, together with all other amounts due from time to 
time by you hereunder. The total initial payment shall be paid upon your execution of this Agreement. If the contemplated transaction is not consummated, the total initial payment may be retained by
us as partial compensation for costs and expenses incurred by us in preparation for the transaction. The amount of each Payment is based upon the total estimated cost of the Collateral, or the portion 
thereof being purchased with the proceeds of the loan evidenced hereby, you have provided to us and which is set forth above. If the final cost of the Collateral (or the portion being purchased) we pay 
the supplier is higher or lower than that estimate, we will adjust the amount of each Payment proportionately higher or lower than the Payment amount specified above. You also agree to pay, when 
invoiced, an amount equal to 1/30th of the Payment amount for each day from and including the date we fund the loan evidenced by this Agreement, to but excluding the first Payment Date. Following
the first Payment Date, the Term shall continue without interruption for the number of months indicated above. YOUR OBLIGATION TO MAKE PAYMENTS AND PAY OTHER AMOUNTS DUE 
HEREUNDER IS ABSOLUTE AND UNCONDITIONAL AND NOT SUBJECT TO ABATEMENT, REDUCTION OR SET-OFF FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER. THIS IS A NON-CANCELABLE 
AGREEMENT: THIS AGREEMENT, THE TERMS OF WHICH HAVE BEEN FREELY NEGOTIATED BY EACH PARTY, IS ALSO SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON THE 
FOLLOWING PAGE WHICH IS MADE PART HEREOF AND WHICH DEBTOR AND SECURED PARTY ACKNOWLEDGE THEY HAVE READ AND ACCEPTED.
5. DISCLAIMER  OF WARRANTIES AND CLAIMS; LIMITATION OF REMEDIES: THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES BY OR ON BEHALF OF SECURED PARTY AND NEITHER THE SUPPLIER NOR
ANY OTHER PARTY  IS SECURED PARTY’S AGENT. DEBTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES: (A) SECURED PARTY MAKES NO WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED AS TO 
THE CONDITION OF THE COLLATERAL, ITS MERCHANTABILITY, ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; (B) DEBTOR ACCEPTS THE COLLATERAL “AS IS” AND WITH ALL
FAULTS; (C) DEBTOR AGREES THAT THE COLLATERAL WILL BE USED SOLELY FOR COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES; (D) IF THE COLLATERAL IS UNSATISFACTORY FOR ANY 
REASON DEBTOR’S ONLY REMEDY, IF ANY, SHALL BE AGAINST THE SUPPLIER OR MANUFACTURER OF THE COLLATERAL AND NOT AGAINST SECURED PARTY; (E) DEBTOR SHALL 
HAVE NO REMEDY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES AGAINST SECURED PARTY, ALL OF THE SAME BEING DISCLAIMED AND
WAIVED; AND (F) NO DEFECT, DAMAGE OR UNFITNESS OF THE COLLATERAL SHALL RELIEVE DEBTOR OF THE OBLIGATION TO MAKE PAYMENTS OR RELIEVE DEBTOR OF ANY
OTHER OBLIGATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
6. Location;  Maintenance; Installation; Insurance:  You agree to maintain records showing the location of each item of Collateral. You shall report each location to us upon our request and shall not
change the  location of the Collateral without our advance written consent. You are responsible for installing and keeping the Collateral in good working order. You shall not make any alterations,
additions or improvements to the Collateral which detracts from its economic value or functional utility. If the Collateral is damaged or lost, you agree to continue making scheduled Payments unless
we have received the Casualty Value pursuant to Section 11. You agree to keep the Collateral insured against loss during the Term and to have us named as loss payee n such coverage amounts as 
we may specify from time to time, from anyone who is acceptable to us. You agree to provide us with a certificate of insurance acceptable to us upon our request and if at any time you fail to deliver to
us a valid certificate of insurance reflecting such insurance as being in effect, then we will have the right, but no obligation, to have such insurance protecting us placed for the Term at your expense; 
and if so placed, we will add to the Payments and you will pay us our costs of obtaining such insurance and any customary charges or fees of ours.
7. Taxes  and Fees; Indemnification:   You agree to pay when due and to indemnify and hold us harmless from all taxes, fees, fines, interest and penalties, including, without limitation, personal 
property or  documentary stamp taxes, (“Taxes”) relating to the use or ownership of the Collateral or to this Agreement now or hereafter imposed, levied or assessed by any taxing authority. We may in 
our sole discretion, elect to pay any such Taxes directly to a taxing authority and if so you agree to reimburse us on our demand for any such Taxes paid on your behalf together with any filing or
processing fee charged by us. If any taxing authority requires any Taxes to be paid in advance, and we pay such Taxes, we may increase the cost of the Collateral we are financing by such amount as 
described in Section 4 above thereby increasing the amount of each Payment to reflect the payment of such Taxes. You also agree to pay us and reimburse us for all costs and expenses in 
documenting and servicing this Agreement. You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from any suits, claims, losses or damages we suffer in any way relating to the use or ownership of the
Collateral. Your obligations under this Section 7 shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement. You agree to pay us fees in an amount in effect from time to time in connection with 
the documentation of the Agreement and any site inspection or lien search we deem necessary. You agree that all such fees and any insurance we obtain pursuant to the last sentence of Section 6 
may not only cover our costs they may also include a profit.
8. Personal  Property:   The Collateral will be and shall remain personal property and, if requested by us, you will obtain real property waivers satisfactory to us. You shall keep the Collateral free from 
any and  all liens and encumbrances other than those in our favor. You shall give us immediate notice of any attachment or other judicial process, liens or encumbrances affecting the Collateral. You
hereby irrevocably authorize us and appoint us as your attorney-in-fact with the power to execute and to file this Agreement and any financing statement(s) or security agreement(s) with respect to the
Collateral. If your signature on any financing statement or similar document is required by law, you shall execute such supplemental instruments and financing statements we deem to be necessary
and advisable and shall otherwise cooperate to defend and perfect our interest in the Collateral by filing or otherwise. You also agree to pay us on demand filing and registration fees prescribed by the 
UCC or other law. Any Collateral that is subject to title or registration laws shall be titled and registered as directed by us.
9. Default; Remedies;  Late Charges:  If any one of the following events occur with respect to you or any Guarantor, you will be in default: (i) you fail to pay any Payment or other amount due under 
this Agreement,  when due, (ii) you breach or fail to perform any of your other covenants and promises under this Agreement, (iii) you become insolvent, any action under the United States Bankruptcy 
Code is filed by or against you, make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, admit your inability to pay your debts as they become due, or if you terminate your entity existence or take any actions
regarding the cessation or winding up of your business affairs. If you are in default, at our election, we can accelerate and require that you pay, as reasonable liquidated damages for loss of bargain, 
the “Accelerated Balance”. The Accelerated Balance will be equal to the total of: (i) accrued and unpaid amounts then due under this Agreement, and (ii) the remaining Payments discounted to their 
then present value at 3% per annum. We can also pursue any of the remedies available to us under the UCC or any other law. In the event we seek to take possession of any part of the Collateral, 
you irrevocably waive to the fullest extent permitted by law any bonds, surety or security required by statute, court rule or otherwise as an incident of such possession. You agree to pay our reasonable
attorneys’ fees and actual costs incurred by us in enforcing our rights hereunder including repossession, storage, refurbishment and sale of the Collateral and collection costs, and all non-sufficient 
funds charges and similar charges. If any part of a payment is late, you agree to pay us upon our demand the following, or if less, the maximum amount allowed under applicable law: (x) a late charge
equal to the greater of 10% of the payment or $25.00, (y) a charge of $30.00 for each check returned for any reason or if any ACH debit charge is not honored and (z) if we have had to perform
collection activities in connection with such late payment, our specified collection charges then in effect. The foregoing will not be construed as interest but as reimbursement to us to cover 
administrative and overhead expenses related to the processing and collection of the late payment.


1291-20161202                                                                                                                                 Page 2 of  2
10.  Assignment; Inspection:  YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, LEASE OR ENCUMBER THE COLLATERAL OR THIS AGREEMENT. We may sell, transfer, assign or encumber 
this Agreement, in whole or in part, without notice to you or your consent. You agree that if we sell, transfer, assign or encumber this Agreement, the assignee will have the rights and benefits that we 
assign to the assignee and will not have to perform any of our obligations. You agree that the rights of the assignee will not be subject to any claims, defenses or set-offs that you may have against us. 
We and our agents and representatives shall have the right at any time during regular business hours to inspect the Collateral and for that purpose to have access to the location of the Collateral.
11.  Risk of Loss:  You assume and shall bear the entire risk of loss, theft, damage and destruction of the Collateral from any cause whatsoever, and no loss, theft, damage or destruction of the Collateral 
shall relieve you of the obligation to make Payments or any other obligation under this Agreement. You shall promptly notify us in writing of such loss, theft, damage or destruction. If damage of any kind 
occurs to any item of Collateral, you, at our option, shall at your expense (a) place the Collateral in good repair, condition or working order, or (b) if the Collateral cannot be repaired or is lost, stolen or 
suffers a constructive loss under an insurance policy covering the Collateral, pay to us the “Casualty Value.” The Casualty Value will be equal to the total of (i) accrued and unpaid amounts then due and 
owing, and (ii) the remaining Payments discounted to present value at 3%, in both cases as of the date the Casualty Value is received by us.
12.  Choice of Law; Waiver of Jury Trial:  Subject to the following sentence, this Agreement shall be governed by, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of California. 
If any amount contracted for, charged or received in connection with this Agreement constitutes interest or regulated time-price differential governed by, not exempt from, and in excess of amounts 
lawfully permitted, under California law (the “Subject Amount”), then (i) if the law of state in which Debtor resides (as indicated in Debtor’s address above; the “Debtor’s State”) would permit the lawful 
contracting for, charging or receipt of any part of the Subject Amount, then the parties agree that the law of Debtor’s State shall govern as to the contracting for, charging and receipt of such interest or 
regulated time-price differential and (ii) if clause (i) preceding is not applicable, Secured Party shall make any necessary adjustments so as to eliminate such excess. Debtor agrees to provide Secured 
Party advance written notice and an opportunity to cure pursuant to the preceding sentence any contract, charge or receipt claimed by Debtor to be unlawful; and Secured Party may calculate maximum 
lawful amounts by amortizing, prorating, allocating reallocating, discounting, treating months as equal intervals, and spreading in each case to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. You consent to 
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the state of California in any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement, YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN 
ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO ASSERT THIS IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.
13.  Miscellaneous:  During the Term, you agree to provide us with all financial statements and copies of tax returns we may request. If we supply you with labels, you shall label any and all Collateral and 
shall keep the same affixed in a prominent place. If any provision hereof or any remedy herein provided is found to be invalid under any applicable law, the remaining provisions hereof, shall be given 
effect in accordance with the manifest intent hereof. The parties agree that each Payment includes interest. You agree that a waiver of breach will not be a waiver of any other subsequent breach, and 
that any delay or failure to enforce our rights under this Agreement does not prevent us from enforcing any rights at a later time. YOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES FOR ANY DEFAULT BY US UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. Section headings are for convenience and are not a part of this Agreement. You agree that by 
providing us with an email address or telephone number for a cellular or other wireless device, you expressly consent to receiving communications including email, voice and text messages from us or our 
affiliates or assigns at that email address or telephone number, and this express consent applies to each such email address or telephone number that you provide to us now or in the future and permits 
such communications regardless of their purpose. These calls and messages may incur access fees from your internet or wireless provider. You agree that the original of this Agreement may be 
electronically duplicated and a copy hereof may be introduced in lieu of the original thereof and without further foundation. The parties hereto expressly waive the secondary evidence rule. You agree that 
this Agreement will be binding upon your successors, permitted assigns, heirs and legal representatives. You authorize us to complete any blank in this instrument or in any document executed or 
delivered in connection herewith that contemplates a date by inserting a date deemed appropriate by us. Time is of the essence with respect to your obligations hereunder. No term or provision of this 
Agreement may be amended, altered, waived or discharged except by a written instrument signed by both parties to this Agreement. Any formal notice given pursuant to this Agreement shall be deemed 
given 2 business days after being placed with the U.S. Postal Service, postage prepaid, addressed to the Debtor at its address set forth above, or to Secured Party at 23970 Hwy 59 N, Kingwood, TX 
77339-1535, or such other address as a party may designate by written notice to the other. If Debtor constitutes more than one person, you agree that the liability of each such person hereunder is joint 
and several. Any restrictive endorsement on any check you give us in payment of any amount due hereunder shall be void. You may not prepay this Agreement without our prior written consent. A 
facsimile or other copy of this Agreement, as executed, shall be deemed the equivalent of the originally executed copy for all purposes.  All amounts payable hereunder by you if not paid when due shall 
accrue interest at a rate of interest of 1.5% per month or the highest rate allowed by applicable law if less, from the due date thereof until received by us in cash and shall be payable on demand. This 
Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. You agree this Agreement may be signed electronically pursuant to the Electronic 
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act and other applicable law.
By signing below Debtor hereby irrevocably accepts the Collateral under this Agreement and irrevocably authorizes Secured Party to pay the supplier on behalf of the Debtor. The person executing this 
Agreement is authorized to do so, making this Agreement the valid and binding act of the Debtor.
Debtor Name: Accepted By: Ascentium Capital LLC
By:  ##BusSign## By: ##AscSign##
Printed Name and Title: Printed Name and Title: Bryan Wheeler, Senior Vice President
GUARANTY: The undersigned (“you”, “your”, jointly and severally if more than one) unconditionally guarantees to Secured Party and its assigns the prompt payment and performance when due of all of 
the obligations of the Debtor under the Agreement and all related documents executed by the Debtor in connection with it (collectively with the Agreement, the “Agreements”). We shall not be obligated to 
proceed against the Debtor, the property being financed under the Agreements or enforce any other remedy before proceeding against you to enforce this Guaranty. Notwithstanding any changes made 
to the Agreements in the course of our dealings with the Debtor, this Guaranty will remain in effect with respect to the Agreements as so changed even if you are not notified of the changes and will 
remain in effect even if the Agreements or any of them are no longer enforceable against the Debtor. You waive all presentments, demand for performance, notices of protest, notices of dishonor, notices 
of acceptance of this Guaranty and all other notices to which you may have a right. You agree to pay us all the expenses incurred by us in enforcing this Guaranty. You may not assign this Guaranty 
without our written consent. This Guaranty shall be governed by, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of California without reference to its principles of conflicts of 
laws. You consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the state of California in any action to enforce this Guaranty and you waive any right to assert this is an 
inconvenient forum. You consent to us conducting a credit evaluation of you from all sources, periodically updating it and sharing the results with others. This Guaranty may be executed in separate 
counterparts which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
Guarantor Signature:   ##PGSign1## Printed Name:
Guarantor Signature:   ##PGSign2## Printed Name:
AUTHORIZATION FOR ACH PAYMENTS: Debtor authorizes Secured Party or Secured Party’s successors and assigns to automatically initiate and make debit entry charges to Debtor’s bank account  
indicated below for the payment of all amounts owed by you from time to time under the Agreement. This Authorization is to remain in effect during the Term of the Agreement Agreement. Any incorrect 
charge will be corrected upon notification to us, by either a credit or debit to Debtor’s account.
Bank Name: ##ACHBankRules## Account Holder Name: ##ACHHolderNmRules##
Account No: ##ACHAcctRules## ABA No.: ##ACHABARules##
Authorized Signature:  ##ACHSignRules## Printed Name and Title: ##ACHSignNameRules##, ##ACHSignTitleRules##

301-20160309
COMMENCEMENT AGREEMENT
Agreement No. _____
Date: March  6, 2017
You, the  Customer, and Ascentium Capital LLC (“we”, “us”, “our”) have entered into the above referenced equipment lease, equipment finance agreement, secured 
loan or similar agreement (which may be one or more schedules to a master agreement) (“Agreement”) pursuant to which we will be financing the Equipment or 
Collateral as defined in and described in the Agreement (in either case “Equipment”) as set forth in this Commencement Agreement (“CA”). The Equipment is being 
delivered at various times and the vendor or vendors of the Equipment have to be paid for each item of Equipment at or before its delivery to you. You agree to 
commence the initial non-cancelable term of the Agreement immediately even though items of Equipment remain to be delivered to and accepted by you from one or 
more vendors.
NOW THEREFOR,
  you and we hereby agree as follows:
1. The term  of the Agreement will commence on the date of this CA, with the interim term commencing on the date set forth above and the initial term commencing
as provided in the Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that notwithstanding the fact that not all items of Equipment have been delivered to and accepted by you
as of the date set forth above, the terms and conditions of the Agreement, including your obligation to pay all amounts of rent or debt service set forth in the
Agreement, shall commence immediately and, except as otherwise specifically set forth in this CA, irrevocably.
2. You
 agree to inspect and accept for purposes of the Agreement all undelivered items of Equipment immediately upon their delivery to you. If, when delivered, an
item of Equipment is damaged or non-conforming, you agree to cause the vendor in question to repair and/or replace any such item of Equipment and you agree to
immediately accept any conforming replacement and/or repaired Equipment for all purposes under the Agreement while continuing to meet all of your payment and
other obligations under the Agreement.
3. All
 amounts anticipated to be disbursed by us on your behalf that have not been disbursed as of the date of this CA will be deemed disbursed by us into a
separate holding account for your benefit (“Account”), the contents of which shall be debited by the amount of  each subsequent  disbursement to vendor(s) as
contemplated by this CA.  To secure your obligations to us under the Agreement and this CA, you hereby grant to us a security interest in the contents of the Account
and any proceeds.
4. The
 Agreement contemplates a pro-rata adjustment to the payments owed by you under the Agreement in the event the purchase price of the Equipment and
other amounts, if any, paid by us on your behalf are higher or lower than those on which the payments set forth in the Agreement are based. Following the delivery
and acceptance of all items of Equipment set forth in the Agreement, we shall make any necessary adjustments to the payments as contemplated by the Agreement.
You agree that we will have no liability to you in the event we determine to terminate the funding of any vendor because we have determined, in our sole discretion,
that there has been a material adverse change in your creditworthiness from that on which we based our approval of the Agreement. In any circumstance
contemplated by the preceding sentence, we will continue the Agreement with the Equipment accepted by you and funded by us as of the date we determine to
terminate funding the Agreement and we will reduce the amount of each payment of rent or debt service you owe under the Agreement proportionally, taking into
account the higher payments made by you up to the date of that determination and any balance in the Account shall revert to us.
5. This CA
 sets forth the entire agreement of the parties with respect to its subject matter and it may only be amended by a written instrument executed by you and
us. In the event of a conflict between this CA and the terms of the Agreement, the terms of this CA shall govern and control, provided however, except as explicitly
set forth in Section 4 above, nothing set forth in this CA shall be deemed to affect your obligation to pay and perform all of your obligations as set forth in the
Agreement without setoff, abatement or counterclaim. This CA shall terminate and be of no further force and effect following your acceptance and our funding of the
last item of Equipment being financed under the Agreement. This CA will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction governing the
Agreement.
You agree
 that a facsimile or other copy of this CA, as executed, shall be deemed the equivalent of the originally executed copy for all purposes.
CUSTOMER: SECURED PARTY: Ascentium Capital LLC
Signature: ##BusSign## By: ##AscSign##
Printed Name: Printed Name: Bryan Wheeler
Title: Title: Senior Vice President


371-20161010
DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE
Agreement No. ______
To: Ascentium Capital LLC
The undersigned hereby certifies: (i) that all of the property which is to be leased, financed or sold, as applicable, pursuant to the rental agreement, 
lease agreement, equipment finance agreement, note, security agreement, loan and security agreement, conditional sale agreement or similar 
document referenced above (which may be one or more schedules to a master agreement) (the “Agreement”) between Ascentium Capital LLC as 
payee, lessor, lender, secured party or seller and the undersigned as renter, lessee, debtor, buyer or other obligor (the “Equipment”), has been 
delivered  to, and received by, the undersigned, (ii) the Equipment conforms in all respects to that ordered by the undersigned, (iii) its condition is 
satisfactory in all respects to the undersigned and (iv) that the Equipment is accepted by the undersigned under the Agreement in all respects, and 
the undersigned hereby irrevocably directs Ascentium Capital LLC to pay the equipment suppliers the purchase price of the Equipment.
The undersigned agrees that a facsimile or other copy of this Delivery and Acceptance Certificate, as executed, shall be deemed the equivalent of 
the originally executed copy for all purposes.  By executing this Delivery and Acceptance Certificate the undersigned irrevocably acknowledges and 
agrees that the undersigned’s non-terminable installment payment and other obligations under the Agreement have commenced.  
  
CUSTOMER:  _________________________________________
Signature: ##BusSign##
Printed Name:
Title:
Date Signed: ##BusSignDate##


U.S.
 Small
 Business
 Administration
NOTE
SBA
 Loan
 #
SBA
 Loan
 Name
DateLoan
 Amount
Interest
 Rate
BorrowerOperating
 Company
Lender1. 
PROMISE
 TO
 PAY:
In retum
 for
 the
 Loan.
 Borrower
 promises
 to pay
 to the
 order
 of
 Lender
 foe
 amount
 &
____________
 
Do
 tiara,
 interest
 on
 foe
 unpaid
 principal
 balance,
 and
 all
 other
amounts
 required
 by
 this
 Note.
2. 
DEFINITIONS:"Collateral"
 means
 any
 property
 taken
 as security
 for
 payment
 of
 this
 Note
 or any
 guarantee
 of
 this
 Nets.
 
“Guarantor'
 means
 each
 person
 or
 entity
 that
 signs
 a guarantee
 of
 payment
 of
 this
 Note.
"Loan"
 means
 the
 loin
 evidenced
 by
 this
 Note.
"Loan
 Documents"
 means
 the
 documents
 related
 to this
 loan
 signed
 by
 Borrower,
 any
 Guarantor,
 or
 anyone
 
who
 pledges
 collateral.
"SBA"
 means
 the
 Small
 Business
 Administration,
 an
 Agency
 of
 the
 United
 States
 of
 America.
Pace
 1/7
SBA
 fern
 147
 (06/&3102)
 Previous
 aditioM
 obsolete

3.
 
PAYMENT
 TERMS:
Sfiffowgf
 jmat
 make
 all
 payments
 at the
 place
 Lender
 designates.
 The
 payment
 terms
 for
 this
 Note
are:
The
 interest
 rate
 on
 this
 Mote
 will
 fluctuate.
 The
 initial
 interest
 rate
 is 6.00%
 per
 year.
 Tins
 initial
 rate
 is 
the
 prime
 rate
 in effect
 on
 the
 first
 business
 day
 of
 the
 month
 in which
 SBA
 received
 the
 loan
 application,
 
phu
 2,75%.
 The
 initial
 interest
 rate
 must
 remain
 in effect
 until
 the
 first
 change
 period
 begins
 unless
 reduced
 
in accordance
 with
 SOP
 50
 10,
Borrower
 must
 pay
 a total
 of
 2 payments
 of
 interest
 only
 on
 the
 disbursed
 principal
 balance
 beginning
 oik
 
month
 from
 the
 month
 this
 Note
 is dated
 and
 every
 month
 thereafter,
 payments
 must
 be
 made
 on
 the
 first
 
calendar
 day
 in the
 months
 they
 are
 due.
Borrower
 must
 pay
 principal
 and
 interest
 payments
 oi 
the
 month
 this
 Note
 is dated;
 payments
 must
 be
 made
 on
 the
 first
 calendar
 day
 in
 the
 months
 they
 are
 due.
Lender
 will
 apply
 each
 installment
 payment
 first
 to pay
 interest
 accrued
 to the
 day
 Lender
 receives
 the
 
payment,
 then
 to bring
 principal
 current,
 then
 to pay
 any
 late
 fees,
 and
 will
 apply
 any
 remaining
 balance
 to 
reduce
 principal
every
 month,
 beginning
 three
 months
 from
Lender
 and
 Borrower
 may
 agree
 to
 pay
 an
 additional
 amount
 into
 an
 escrow
 account
 for
 payment
 of
 real
 
estate
 taxes
 and
 required
 insurance
 related
 to commercial
 real
 estate
 securing
 foe
 loan.
 Any
 such
 account
 
must
 comply
 with
 SOP
 SO
 10,
The
 interest
 rate
 will
 bo
 adjusted
 every
 calendar
 quarter
 (foe
 "change
 period").
The
 "Prime
 Rate"
 is foe
 prime
 rate
 in effect
 on
 the
 first
 business
 day
 of
 the
 month
 (as
 published
 in
 a national
 
financial
 newspaper
 or
 website)
 in which
 SBA
 received
 the
 application,
 or
 any
 interest
 rate
 change
 occurs.
 
Base
 Rates
 will
 be
 rounded
 to two
 decimal
 places
 with
 .004
 being
 rounded
 down
 and
 .005
 being
 rounded
 up.
The
 adjusted
 interest
 rate
 will
 be
 2.75%
 above
 the
 Prime
 Rate,
 Lender
 will
 adjust
 foe
 interest
 rate
 on
 foe
 
first
 calendar
 day
 of
 each
 change
 period.
 The
 change
 in interest
 rate
 is effective
 on
 that
 day
 whether
 or not
 
Lender
 gives
 Borrower
 notice
 of
 foe
 change.
The
 spread
 as identified
 in the
 Note
 may
 not
 be
 changed
 during
 (he
 life
 of
 the
 Loan
 wifoout
 the
 written
 
agreement
 of
 the
 Borrower.
For
 variable
 rate
 loans,
 the
 interest
 rate
 adjustment
 period
 may
 not
 be
 changed
 without
 foe
 written
 consent
 of
 
foe
 Borrower.
Lender
 must
 adjust
 the
 payment
 amount
 at least
 annually
 as needed
 to amortize
 principal
 over
 the
 remaining
 
term
 of
 the
 note.
If
 SBA
 purchases
 the
 guaranteed
 portion
 of
 the
 unpaid
 principal
 balance,
 the
 interest
 rate
 becomes
 fixed
 at 
the
 rate
 in effect
 at the
 time
 of
 the
 earliest
 uncured
 payment
 default
 If there
 is no
 uncured
 payment
 default,
 
the
 rate
 becomes
 fixed
 at the
 rate
 in effect
 at foe
 time
 of
 purchase.
SBA
 Form
 147
 (06A)3A)2)
 Previous
 editions
 obsolete
Page
 2/7

LOAN PREPAYMENT:
Notwithstanding my provision in this Note to die contrsiy:
Borrower may prepay (his Note. Borrower may prepay 20 percent or less of the unpaid principal balance at 
any time without notice. If Borrower prepays more than 20 percent and the Loan has been sold on the 
secondary marled. Borrower must:
Give Lender written notice;
Pay all accrued interest; and
If the prepayment is received leas than 21 days from die date Lender receives the notice, 
pay an amount equal to 21 days' interest from the date lender receives the notice, less any 
interest accrued during die 21 days and paid under subparagraph b., above.
a.
b.
e.
If Borrower does not prepay within 30 days from the date Lender receives the notice, Borrower must 
give Lender a new notice.
Subsidy Recoupment Fee. When in any one of the first three years from the date of initial disbursement 
Borrower voluntarily prepays more than 25% of the outstanding principal balance of the loan. Borrower must 
pay to Lender on behalf of SBA a prepayment fee for that year as follows;
During the first year after the date on which the loan is first disbursed, 5% of the total prepayment 
amount;
a.
During the second year after die date on which the loan is first disbursed, 3% of the total 
prepayment amount; and
b.
During the third year after the date on which the loan is first disbursed, 1% of the total prepayment 
amount.
c.
All remaining principal and accrued interest is due and payable 25 years and 2 months from the date of this 
Note.
Late Charge: If a payment on this Note is mere than 10 days late, Lender may charge Borrower a late fee of 
up to 5% of the unpaid portion of the regularly scheduled payment.
SBA Form 147 (06AKJ/02) Previoui edition! obsoletePageS/;

4. DEFAULT:
Borrower is in default under this Note if Borrower does not make a payment when due under this Note, or 
if Borrower or Operating Company:
A.Fails to do anything required by this Note and other Loan Documents;
Defaults on any other loan with Lender,
Does not preserve, or account to Lender’s satisfaction for, any of the Collateral or its proceeds; 
Does not disclose, or anyone acting on their behalf does not disclose, any material fact to Lender 
Or SBA;
Makes, or anyone acting on their behalf makes, a materially false or misleading representation to 
Lender or SBA;
Defaults on any loan or agreement with another creditor, if Lender believes the default may 
materially affect Borrower'a ability to pay this Note;
Fails to pay any taxes when due;
Becomes the subject of a proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency law;
Has a receiver or liquidator appointed for any part of their business or property;
Makes an issignment for the benefit of creditors;
Has any advene change in financial condition or business operation that Lender believes may 
materially affect Borrower’s ability to pay this Note;
Reorganises, merges, consolidates, or otherwise changes ownership or business structure without 
Lender’s prior written consent; or
Becomes the subject of a civil or criminal action that Lender believes may materially affect 
Borrower’s ability to pay this Note.
B.
C.
D.
E.
F.
G.
H.
I.
J.
K.
L,
M.
S. LENDER’S RIGHTS IF THERE IS A DEFAULT:
Without notice or demand and without giving up any of its rights, Lender may:
Require immediate payment of all amounts owing under this Note;
Collect all amounts owing from any Borrower or Guarantor;
File suit and obtain judgment;
Take possession of any Collateral; or
Sell, lease, or otherwise dispose of, any Collateral at public or private sale, with or without 
advertisement
A.
B.
C
D.
E.
6. LENDER’S GENERAL POWERS:
Without notice and without Borrower’s consent. Lender may:
Bid on or buy the Collateral at its sale or the sale of another lienholder, at any pice it chooses; 
Incur expenses to collect amounts due under this Note, enforce the terms of this Note or any other 
Loan Document, and preserve or dispose of foe Collateral. Among other things, the expenses may 
include payments for property taxes, prior liras, insurance, appraisals, environmental remediation 
costs, and reasonable attorney’s fees and costs. If Lender incurs such expenses, it may demand 
immediate repayment from Borrower or add the expenses to foe principal balance;
Release anyone obligated to pay this Note;
A.
B.
C,
SBA Farm 147 (0603/02) Previous editions obsoletePage 4/1

D.Compromise, release, renew, extend or substitute any of the Collateral; and
Take any action necessary to protect the Collateral or collect amounts owing on this Note. £.
7. WHEN FEDERAL LAW APPLIES:
When SBA is the holder, tins Note will be interpreted and enforced under federal law, including SBA 
regulations. Lender or SBA may use state or local procedures for filing papers, recording documents, giving 
notice, foreclosing liens and other purposes. By using such procedures, SBA does not waive any federal 
immunity from state or local control, penalty, tax, or liability. As to this Note, Borrower may not claim 
or assert against SBA any local or state law to deny any obligation, defeat any claim of SBA, or preempt 
federal law.
8. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS:
Under tiiti Note, Borrower and Operating Company include the successors of each, and Lender includes its 
successors and assigns.
9. GENERAL PROVISIONS:
All individuals and entities signing this Note are jointly and severally liable.
Borrower waives all suretyship defenses.
Borrower must sign all documents necessary at any time to comply with the Loan Documents end 
to enable Lender to acquire, perfect, or maintain Leader's liens on Collateral.
Lender may exercise any of its rights separately or together, as many times and in any order it 
chooses. Lender may delay or forgo enforcing any of its rights without giving up any of them. 
Borrower may not use an oral statement of Lender or SBA to contradict or alter tire written terms 
of this Note.
If any part of this Note is unenforceable, all other parts remain in effect 
To the extent allowed by law. Borrower waives all demands and notices in connection with this 
Note, including presentment, demand, protest, and notice of dishonor. Borrower alto waives any 
defenses based upon any claim that Lender did not obtain any guarantee; did not obtain, perfect, 
or maintain a lien upon Collateral; impaired Collateral; or did not obtain the fair market value cf 
Collateral at a sale.
A.
B.
C.
D.
E.
F.
G.
SBA Form 147 ((Xi/QJ/02) Previous edltkms obsoletePage S/7

10.
 
STATE
 - SPECIFIC
 PROVISIONS:
None.
SBA
 Fnnn
 147
 (06/03702)
 Previous
 editions
 obsolete
Figs
 6/7

11.
 
BORROWER
’S NAME(S)
 AND
 SIGNATURE(S):
By
 signing
 below,
 each
 individual
 or
 entity
 becomes
 obligated
 under
 this
 Note
 as Borrower,
SBA
 Form
 147
 (06/03/02)
 Previous
 edition
 obsolete
Page
 in

EXHIBIT J 

Comfort Inn Rules and Regulations  
Table of Contents (2/8/2026) 
 
000 Preface & Introduction 
100.00 Rules of Operation  
110.00 Guest Facilities 
120.00 Hotel Services 
130.00 Guest Service Programs & Standards 
140.00 Marketing Programs 
150.00 Guest Amenities and Supplies 
160.00 Staffing & Training 
170.00 Hotel Technology & Reservation Standards 
180.00 Quality Assurance, Property Improvement Plan, & Corrective Action Plan 
190.00 Safety, Security, & Risk Control 
200.00 Food and Beverage Operations 
300.00 Construction, Project Management, and Submittal Information 
310.00 Construction Documents Submittal Process 
320.00 Construction 
400.00 Architectural Design 
500.00 Interior Design 
600.00 Service Marks & Signage 
 
 
 
 

Comfort Suites Rules and Regulations 
Table of Contents (2/8/2026) 
 
000 Preface & Introduction 
100.00 Rules of Operation  
110.00 Guest Facilities 
120.00 Hotel Services 
130.00 Guest Service Programs & Standards 
140.00 Marketing Programs 
150.00 Guest Amenities and Supplies 
160.00 Staffing & Training 
170.00 Hotel Technology & Reservation Standards 
180.00 Quality Assurance, Property Improvement Plan, & Corrective Action Plan 
190.00 Safety, Security, & Risk Control 
200.00 Food and Beverage Operations 
300.00 Construction, Project Management, and Submittal Information 
310.00 Construction Documents Submittal Process 
320.00 Construction 
400.00 Architectural Design 
500.00 Interior Design 
600.00 Service Marks & Signage 
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT K 

1 
 
FAIR FRANCHISING POLICY 
 
 (Updated January 2026) 
  
Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Choice,” “we,” or “us”) and our franchisee(s) (“Franchisee”, 
“Franchisees”, or “you”) share substantial interests in the success of our brands, as well as the worldwide 
lodging system they comprise (“System”). Choice and its Franchisees all benefit when Choice considers 
System interests first when making policies. For these reasons, Choice has adopted the following guiding 
principles, which may be modified from time to time at our sole discretion. Any substantive changes to this 
policy will be conducted in consultation with our Franchisee Associations.   
  
Mission Statement   
  
Both Choice and our Franchisees have a responsibility to build and maintain the System. At the individual 
property level, it is your responsibility to represent your hotel’s brand in a manner that continually builds 
brand equity; and we are responsible for confirming that general System and individual brand standards 
are met throughout the entire Choice franchise System.   
  
Even under the best of circumstances, however, we realize that situations can arise that may create 
conflict between Choice and our Franchisees. Accordingly, Choice maintains this fair franchising policy 
(“Fair Franchising Policy”) to help us mutually address these situations. The Fair Franchising Policy 
contains standards relating to the System and is available for review at any time. We also have an 
Ombudsperson and Vice President of Owner & Portfolio Strategy dedicated to addressing any conflicts 
between Choice and Franchisees in a manner that is fair and non-retaliatory to all parties concerned. We 
encourage you to contact any member of our Fair Franchising Department to discuss the Fair Franchising 
Policy or any concerns that you have regarding your relationship with Choice.   
  
Impact   
  
Choice and Franchisees agree that every Choice brand, each property, and the entire System benefit 
from strategic growth and strong brand awareness.   
  
Impact Policy.1  In some cases, a Franchisee may believe that a third party’s application for a new 
Choice franchise is too close in proximity to the Franchisee’s existing property. To address this concern, 
Choice has instituted an incremental impact policy (“Impact Policy”), which has been benchmarked with 
our competitors and tailored to carefully balance the rights of existing Franchisees with the need for 
growth that benefits our entire System. The Impact Policy permits a Franchisee (in good standing) to 
object to the grant of a same-brand franchise, if the applying franchise is within a specified radius of the 
existing Franchisee’s property.   
  
Under the Impact Policy, we will notify both your designated representative and the general manager of 
your property: (i) by electronic mail, if we have received an application for a hotel of a different brand than 
your hotel, the proposed hotel is within 5 miles of your existing property, and your existing brand is 
covered by the Impact Policy; (ii) in writing (via express mail to the designated representative and via first-
class mail to the general manager), if we have accepted an application for a same-brand hotel and the 
applying franchise is within a specified radius of your property; or (iii) by telephone, if you are an applicant 
and we have received an additional application for a same-brand hotel to be located within the Area of 
Enhanced Protection (as defined more fully in the Impact Policy) of your proposed hotel.   
  
First opportunity to develop in franchisee’s Area of Enhanced Protection (AOEP). In addition to the 
 
1 As of the date of this Fair Franchising Policy, the Impact Policy applies only to the following brands: 
Clarion, Comfort, Econo Lodge, MainStay Suites, Quality, Rodeway Inn, and Sleep Inn. 

2 
 
objection rights described above, each existing franchisee in good standing with Choice will have the 
option of submitting an application for a new same-brand hotel within its AOEP before Choice will 
approve a same-brand application within that AOEP from another prospective franchisee. Specifically, 
Choice will permit existing franchisees to submit an application for a same-brand property within 15-
calendar days of being notified of a proposed application by another prospective franchisee, and the 
existing franchisee will receive preference in the application for a same-brand property. In making a final 
decision, however, we will also consider other factors, such as site location, financing, relative strength of 
each application and Choice’s past experience with the existing franchisee. Finally, our Franchise 
Development team will inform the existing franchisee of our decision before we grant final approval of an 
application for a same-brand hotel within that franchisee’s AOEP.   
  
Consultation. As has been our practice, we will continue to consult with our Franchisees on amendments 
and modifications to the Impact Policy. For more information, please refer to our Impact Policy, at 
www.choicecentral.com or call the Fair Franchising Department for a detailed explanation of our Impact 
Policy.   
  
Exercise of Contractual Outs   
  
Company Philosophy. Choice is committed to meeting the evolving needs of its guests across all of its 
brands and driving continued brand equity. It is imperative that each hotel delivers a top-notch, consistent 
experience to every guest, every time. Our brands are as strong as their weakest performer, so if a guest 
has a bad experience at one hotel, it adversely impacts us all and the System. Not only should each hotel 
be clean, in good condition and in working order, they should be modern, up-to-date, and competitive 
within their markets. Choice’s contractual out evaluation process was created to ensure that we all meet 
these objectives.   
  
Contractual Out Evaluation Process. For some brands the franchise agreement may include a mutual 
right to terminate the franchise agreement on the 5th, 10th, or 15th anniversary of the Opening Date by 
providing advance written notice.2 Choice reviews every active property prior to these anniversaries and 
evaluates the following aspects of the hotel:   
• How well does the hotel meet guest expectations as measured by Guest Insight System (“GIS”) 
scores and customer complaints?   
• How do the hotel’s GIS scores and guest complaints compare to other hotels within its brand?   
• How strongly does the hotel compete in its local market as determined by Smith Travel Research 
(STR) reports compared to both local competitive set and tract chain scale?   
• What is the hotel’s historic pass/fail rate for Quality Assurance (“QA”) inspections?   
• Has the hotel been defaulted in the past for any reason, including but not limited to QA, After 
Entering System (“AES”), credit or legal reasons?   
• How does the physical plant of the hotel compare to its competitive set within its market?   
• How does the physical plant of the hotel compare to other hotels within its brand?   
• If there are gaps between the property and its competitive set or peers, can the property be 
updated cost-effectively?   
 
Risk Factors. In keeping with Choice’s philosophy, we review in detail the aggregate results of these 
questions referenced above for each hotel. In particular, we take into account any unique aspects of the 
 
2 As of the date of this Fair Franchising Policy, there is no mutual right of termination in the standard form 
of franchise agreement for Woodspring.  For Comfort, the standard form of franchise agreement includes 
a mutual right of termination  on the 5th anniversary of the Opening Date for only conversion properties.  
For Cambria, the standard form of franchise agreement provides for a mutual right of termination on the 
10th and 15th anniversary of the Opening Date. Similarly, the Mainstay and Sleep form of franchise 
agreements provide for the same mutual termination right but these apply only to new construction 
properties. For Rodeway, the standard form of franchise agreement includes an annual mutual termination 
right on each anniversary of the Opening Date.   

3 
 
hotel’s market or its guest base. There is no standardized formula that is applied to every hotel and each 
situation is evaluated independently. Furthermore, typically Choice reserves the right under the franchise 
agreement to exercise its contractual out for any reason or no reason at all, subject to state law. There 
are certain factors, however, that place a property at greater risk that Choice typically will exercise its 
contractual out, including but not limited to (subject to state law):   
  
• The property’s Likelihood to Recommend (“LTR”) score places it in the bottom third of its brand 
for the most recent 12 month period.   
• The property has guest complaints per thousand (“CPT”) higher than the brand average for the 
most recent 12 month period.   
• The property has a history of shifting between passing and failing scores on QA inspections.   
• The property passes its QA inspections but only minimally.   
• The property performs below the tract chain scale as determined by STR.   
• The physical plant of the property is outdated, worn, and/or in poor condition.   
  
Note on Comfort Inn: To achieve the brand’s goal of becoming one of the top 3 brands in the Midscale 
without Food & Beverage segment, all Comfort Inn properties must be held to a higher standard in terms 
of both guest satisfaction and physical representation. For example, the outside appearance of the hotel 
must meet or be able to achieve a consistent, above-average guest experience when compared to other 
hotels within the brand and to its national competitive set, which includes Holiday Inn Express and 
Fairfield Inn.   
  
If the physical plant of a Comfort Inn property resembles economy-level competitors in the market due to 
its room size, lobby size, public space, corridor type (interior v. exterior), single loaded v. double loaded, 
or other aspects, then Choice  may elect to exercise its contractual out or, if desirable, discuss the 
potential for the property to reposition to another Choice  brand.   
  
Management Committee. Due to the importance of these decisions and their impact on both Choice and 
the Franchisee, no single person at Choice has the ability to exercise a contractual out. All decisions to 
exercise this right are made by a Committee and must be unanimously supported by each member of that 
Committee. The Management Committee is comprised of representatives from:   
  
• Fair Franchising   
• Owner & Portfolio Strategy   
• Legal   
• Development 
• Services   
• Credit   
 
 Contractual Out Notification Process. Approximately eighteen (18) months prior to a contractual out, a 
representative from Choice will contact the Franchisee’s Designated Representative if:   
 
1. Choice is considering whether to exercise its contractual out and feels that a Product Improvement 
Plan (“PIP”) is necessary to continue the relationship.   
• The Franchisee’s Designated Representative will receive a letter explaining Choice’s position and 
the PIP process. A copy of the letter will be sent to the hotel’s General Manager.   
• Once the PIP is prepared, the Franchisee’s Designated Representative will receive a phone call 
from a member of Choice’s Owner & Portfolio Strategy department to discuss the scope of work 
to update the property. (See below)   
 
2. Choice has decided to exercise its contractual out.  
• The Franchisee’s Designated Representative will receive a phone call from Choice to discuss the 
decision.   
• If Choice is unable to reach the Franchisee’s Designated Representative by phone, Choice will 

4 
 
send a letter notifying the hotel of its attempts to contact the Designated Representative by phone 
and requesting the hotel contact Choice immediately. If Choice is unsuccessful in contacting the 
Franchisee, then Choice will release a formal Notice of Termination letter generally twelve (12) 
months prior to the contractual out date. Individual franchise agreements may contain different 
notice periods. If that is the case, those notice periods will apply, however Choice will attempt to 
provide as much notice as is reasonably possible.   
  
Please note that each Franchisee is obligated to maintain accurate contact information with Choice. If the 
Franchisee’s Designated Representative name, address, or telephone number on file is no longer valid, 
then Choice cannot be held responsible for any resulting delays in reaching the Franchisee.   
  
Product Improvement Plans. In many cases, Choice will agree to continue its relationship based on an 
agreed scope of work to update and refresh the property and/or additional training. These requirements 
will be detailed in the PIP. If Choice and the Franchisee’s Designated Representative cannot finalize and 
execute the PIP twelve (12) months prior to the contractual out date, then Choice may issue a Notice of 
Termination to the Franchisee’s Designated Representative.   
  
This Notice of Termination can be rescinded if subsequent discussions result in a mutually agreeable PIP 
Addendum that is executed by both parties within 30 days of the Notice of Termination letter.   
  
Options Available to Properties. There are 4 options available to properties where Choice has 
exercised its contractual out:   
  
1. Reposition to Another Choice Brand   
 
In many cases, there will be another Choice brand available in the market for the hotel to consider. There 
may be many financial benefits to remaining with the Choice System rather than exiting the System 
completely. When Choice calls the Franchisee’s Designated Representative to inform them that Choice is 
exercising its contractual out, he or she will discuss the availability of this option.   
  
2. Replace the Existing Hotel   
 
Many owners prefer to replace their hotel with a newer product in their market. Please let a Choice 
representative know your interest in this option and the appropriate person will contact you.   
  
3. Appeal the Decision   
 
If a Franchisee’s Designated Representative would like to appeal a contractual out decision, then a letter 
detailing the request and the reasons for appeal should be emailed to the contact person on the 
termination notice. Upon receipt of the appeal request, a confirmation email will be sent within 
approximately 48 hours. The Management Committee will generally review the appeal within 7-10 
business days following the receipt confirmation. The Franchisee’s Designated Representative will 
receive the results of the Committee review via email.   
  
4. Early Termination following Choice’s exercise of a window.   
 
When Choice exercises its option to terminate a franchise agreement at a contractual out, and a 
franchisee in good standing wishes to leave the Choice system before the agreed-upon termination date, 
Choice will take special consideration, on a case-by-case basis, in reviewing a franchisee’s request to 
discount or waive any liquidated damages that may be owed due to the early termination.   
  
Non-retaliation. In deciding whether to exercise our contractual out, Choice will not discriminate or 
retaliate against a property that has requested or is in the process of requesting an impact study or has 
challenged some other action taken by Choice.   
  

5 
 
Marketing and Reservation Services Funds:   
 
Consultation. Choice is committed to the practice of consulting with its applicable franchisee 
association(s) on certain marketing campaigns the company undertakes and generally on the use of 
monthly fees designated for marketing, and reservation services.  The franchise associations also are 
consulted on changing the amounts of those fees.   
  
Disclosure. Upon request, Choice will make available to Franchisees its unaudited financial statements 
for those portions of Marketing and Reservation fees that are designated for marketing and reservation 
services purposes. Choice has no obligation to separate incomes or expenditures between Choice 
brands. Moreover, as a public company, Choice will continue to report its Marketing and Reservation fees 
(including marketing and reservations fees) in accordance with GAAP (generally accepted accounting 
principles) on its income statements, which are reviewed and published quarterly.   
  
Corporate Ethics:   
  
Ethical Conduct. Choice expects all Choice associates, franchisees and vendors to practice “good faith 
and fair dealing” in all business matters. All Choice associates are subject to a corporate ethics policy that 
mandates certain standards of conduct. In addition, your franchise agreement contains provisions that 
require you to operate your franchise in a manner that does not negatively impact Choice and the brand 
or violate any laws.   
  
Termination for Cause:   
  
Liquidated Damages. For most brands, if the standard franchise agreement is terminated before the end 
of its term, we have generally capped both pre-opening and post-opening liquated damages at 36 months 
of historical royalty fees (membership fees for Ascend properties) and the formula applicable to each 
brand.3 The collection of liquidated damages is to account for Choice’s future lost royalty fees.  Individual 
franchise agreements may contain different terms, and your agreement will control the amount of 
liquidated damages you will have to pay. 
  
Extraordinary Circumstances. If you encounter extraordinary, unforeseen circumstances (such as the 
death of franchisee, environmental issues, permanent disabilities, etc.) that affect your ability to operate 
your franchise in good standing, it is your responsibility to contact us in a timely manner to work towards 
possible resolutions. In these instances, we will attempt in good faith to find a mutually acceptable 
resolution to the particular situation.   
  
Transfers:   
  
Family Transfer.4 If you wish to transfer your franchise to a close adult family member (e.g., current 
spouse, parent, child, sibling, grandchild or grandparent) (“Close Family Member”), that Close Family 
Member must demonstrate to us that he or she has both the financial ability and experience necessary to 
operate your franchise in accordance with Choice standards before we will approve a transfer, among 
other requirements. If the transfer to a Close Family Member occurs outside of circumstances involving 
death and/or mental incapacity, you must pay an application fee (not to exceed $7,500), which will be fully 
refunded if we do not approve the transfer.  The terms of your franchise agreement may differ and, in that 
case, the terms of your agreement may override the family transfer provision described above.   
 
 
3 Typically, 60 months of historical royalty fees for Cambria. In addition, typically 60 months historical 
royalty fees for Post-Opening liquidated damages for Suburban and MainStay Hotels.   
4 Ascend Membership Agreements allow a transfer to a close family member for estate planning purposes 
and does not include a transfer to a Close Family Member based on death and mental incapacity. 

6 
 
Supplier Options:   
  
Vendor Exclusivity. Our Procurement Services Department maintains a list of “Qualified Vendors” of 
products and services for our franchisees. Certain Qualified Vendors are designated in the Rules and 
Regulations as exclusive suppliers. Unless required by the Rules and Regulations, you do not have to 
purchase products that otherwise meet brand standards from Qualified Vendors. We frequently solicit 
feedback from the elected members of our franchisee associations before implementing new brand 
standards or vendor requirements.  Additionally, for most products and services, we attempt to identify 3 
or more vendors who are capable of meeting our brand standards.   
 
Building Brand Equity:   
 
Quality Assurance Reviews. Our entire System benefits from positive brand equity. Building brand equity 
begins at the local level with how you operate your hotel and also includes Brand Standards or Rules and 
Regulations that we communicate to you in order to ensure that each of our hotels is meeting or 
exceeding customer expectations. 
  
Brand Standards or Rules and Regulations, as applicable, change from time to time to reflect changing 
customer trends and in response to our competition. Where applicable, we will consult with the various 
brand associations regarding significant changes contemplated for the Brand Standards/Rules and 
Regulations before implementation, and we will provide our franchisees with a reasonable period to 
absorb such changes financially.   
  
In addition, each of us has an obligation to your guests to require that your hotel meets or exceeds our 
brand-specific performance and quality standards. In that regard, we will continue to apply our Quality 
Assurance process in a fair and impartial manner. If at any time you wish to dispute your Quality 
Assurance scores, you may make an appeal to the Brand Standards & Compliance.  
  
Database Information:   
  
Prohibited Uses. We have agreed not to share individual, hotel-specific property reservation data for the 
sole purpose of selling new franchises.   
  
Dispute Resolution:   
 
There are two mechanisms for handling disputes.  The first is an informal process, and the second is 
through arbitration.    
 
Informal Process. We have found that certain disputes with our franchisees can be handled locally or 
through our established organizational structure. Our Ombudsperson and Head of Owner Relations both 
provide a retribution-free outlet for our franchisees to share their concerns regarding fairness.   
  
Arbitration. The terms of the franchise agreement (which control) generally require all franchise disputes 
to be resolved by submitting the claim to binding arbitration before the American Arbitration Association or 
alternative arbitration groups.   
  
***** 

EXHIBIT L 

1 
 
Choice Hotels International  
Incremental Impact Policy 
 
(Updated April 2025)  
 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. ("Choice") establishes this domestic Incremental Impact 
Policy ("Policy") to assist Choice and Choice's franchisees ("you") in pursuing the important 
mutual goals of i) avoiding an unfair depletion of your room revenues through same-brand 
competition, and ii) expanding the various Choice hotel brand systems. 
 
Under this Policy, your hotel will be granted an Area of Enhanced Protection in which Choice 
will not generally grant hotel franchises for the same brand as your hotel. Additionally, you 
will be granted the right to object to (and, possibly, to exclude) same-brand franchises that 
are proposed to be located within a specified radius from your hotel determined by the 
market and location of the applying franchise. Finally, this Policy grants you certain other 
objection rights if your hotel is newly constructed, is located within a declining market or 
has recently had an incremental impact study conclude in its favor.  If you have a 
negotiated exclusive territory in your contract and waived rights outside of that negotiated 
territory, impact policy rights do not apply. 
 
I. Definitions: 
 
o Incremental Impact - For the purposes of this Policy, "incremental impact" 
means that portion of projected room revenue loss for an existing Choice 
hotel which is solely attributable to the subject applicant's proposed hotel 
being part of the same Choice hotel brand system. 
 
o Good Standing - For the purposes of this Policy, a Choice hotel is in "good 
standing" if: 
 
o It is not 90 days past due on its franchise and related fees or 
assessments without Choice approved repayment plan in place; (See 
Interpretational Note No. 1); 
 
o It has not failed the most recent Quality Assurance or Property 
Improvement Plan (“PIP”) Inspection; 
 
o It is not subject to a notice of non-renewal or termination; and 
 
o It is not subject to a notice of default for a material obligation under its 
Franchise Agreement (and other related agreements) after expiration 
of any applicable cure period. 
 
II. Area of Enhanced Protection: 
 
Each Choice hotel is hereby granted an Area of Enhanced Protection for such time as 
it remains in good standing. The Area of Enhanced Protection for your hotel is 
determined by identifying your hotel’s appropriate market category in the chart 
below (e.g., Primary/Airport) and is expressed in terms of radial miles from your 
hotel. The pre-defined market categories set forth in the chart and your hotel’s 
appropriate placement within these categories will be determined from Smith Travel 
Research data, if available (See Interpretational Note No. 3).  

2 
 
 
  Primary Secondary Tertiary 
Airport 1 5 7 
Highway 2 5 7 
Urban .5 1.5 5 
Resort 1 5 7 
Suburban 2 5 5 
Small Town Metro 2 5 7 
 
 
Except as set forth below, Choice will not grant a franchise for a same-brand hotel 
within your hotel's Area of Enhanced Protection. 
 
o When Choice Can Approve an Application Within Your Hotel's Area of 
Enhanced Protection:  
Notwithstanding the Area of Enhanced Protection granted to your hotel above, 
Choice will initiate an incremental impact study, providing your hotel is in 
good standing, when it receives a franchise application for a same-brand 
hotel to be located within your hotel’s Area of Enhanced Protection if Choice 
determines that the market containing your hotel is inadequately served by 
that Choice brand system. You must formally object to the application in 
order for Choice to initiate the incremental impact study. If the incremental 
impact study concludes that the proposed franchise will not result in an 
incremental impact of more than a 5% reduction in your hotel’s annual gross 
room revenues in any of the first 3 years of projections, Choice may grant the 
proposed franchise. You will select the consulting firm to perform the 
incremental impact study from the approved consultant list and Choice will 
pay for the study, regardless of the outcome.  
 
III. Your Objection Rights for Applications Outside Your Hotel's Area of 
Enhanced Protection:  
 
In addition to the Area of Enhanced Protection granted in Section II, you have the 
right to object to (and, possibly, to exclude) any franchise application for a same-
brand hotel, if your hotel is located within a specified radius of the location of the 
applying franchise. The notification areas are determined by identifying the applying 
franchise’s appropriate market category in the chart below and is expressed in terms 
of radial miles. 
 
Primary Secondary Tertiary 
7  10 15 
 
You can object by following the procedures set forth below:  
o Notice to You of an Application Received by Choice:  
 
Choice will notify, in writing, your Designated Representative and the General 
Manager of your hotel of any franchise application for a same-brand hotel to 

3 
 
be located within the specified notification areas noted above. In addition to 
same-brand notification, Choice will also notify by email all other Choice 
branded hotels included in the Impact Policy within a 5-mile radius of the 
proposed hotel. You will have the right to object to a franchise application, 
however, only if it is for a same-brand hotel to be located within the specified 
notification areas. If requested, Choice will deliver the above notice by fax. 
You should address written requests for faxed notification to: 
 
Ms. Shellome Pinnock 
Ombudsperson 
915 Meeting Street 
Suite 600 
North Bethesda, MD 20852 
(301) 592-6165 
FAX (301) 592-6360 
 
Please include your property code and the name, address and fax number of 
the person to whom the notice should be faxed. 
 
o Your options upon receiving a notice:  
 
You may object to a franchise application for a same-brand hotel to be 
located within the specified notification areas if your hotel is in good standing 
at the time Choice issues notification of the application, provided your hotel 
does not subsequently become subject to a notice of non-renewal or 
termination. You may object by electing either or both of the objection 
options set forth below: 
 
Option A: Letter Objection 
 
You may write a Letter Objection and deliver it to Shellome Pinnock, 
Ombudsperson, (via the address or fax  previously listed or via email 
ombudsperson@choicehotels.com) within 15 calendar days after Choice 
issues notification of a franchise application for a same-brand hotel, providing 
Choice with information you would like us to consider when reviewing the 
application. Before acting upon the application, Choice will fairly consider your 
letter and any information you submit in support. 
 
Choosing to exercise Option A does not preclude you from also exercising 
Option B, provided you do so in a timely manner. 
 
Option B: Formal Objection 
 
You may file a Formal Objection to a franchise application for a same-brand 
hotel by completing an "Incremental Impact Form" (attached hereto) and 
delivering it to Shellome Pinnock, Ombudsperson, (via the address or fax  
previously listed or via email ombudsperson@choicehotels.com) within 15 
calendar days after Choice issues notification of the application. This option 
must be selected for you to be eligible to request an incremental impact 
study. 
 

4 
 
Upon sending your Formal Objection, contact the Ombudsperson or another 
representative of Choice if you would like to discuss your objection ("impact 
discussion"). If this impact discussion does not resolve your objection 
concerns, you may request an independent incremental impact study by an 
approved hotel consulting firm that you choose from the attached list. Each 
firm is a member of the International Society of Hospitality Consultants and is 
experienced in performing incremental impact studies. Your request for an 
incremental impact study must be made in writing to the Ombudsperson 
within 5 business days after receipt of the impact study correspondence sent 
by Choice and must include a check for the full incremental impact study fee 
made payable to Choice Hotels International. During that 5-day period, you 
may request an extension of the 5-day period, which Choice may, in its sole 
discretion, grant under compelling circumstances. The amount of the 
incremental impact study fee charged by each individual consulting firm is set 
forth on the approved list (and may be exclusive of expenses). The consulting 
firm you select will be contacted by Choice. If the selected firm cannot 
complete the study within 28 days, you will be contacted by the 
Ombudsperson and asked to select another consulting firm. You must notify 
the Ombudsperson of your new selection within 48 hours. 
 
Following receipt of the incremental impact study results (approximately 28 
days), Choice will deny the subject application if the study concludes that the 
proposed franchise will result in incremental impact of more than a 5% 
reduction in your hotel's annual gross room revenues in any of the first 3 
years of projections. Moreover, if you signed your franchise agreement for a 
new construction hotel within 18 months prior to Choice's issuance of 
notification of the subject application, Choice will deny the application if the 
incremental impact study concludes that the proposed franchise will result in 
incremental impact of more than a 3% reduction in your hotel's annual gross 
room revenues in any of the first 3 years of projections. If Choice denies the 
application due to the results of the incremental impact study, Choice will 
refund the incremental impact study fee you paid. 
 
If the incremental impact study concludes that the proposed franchise will not 
result in an incremental impact of more than a 5% reduction (or 3% 
reduction, if applicable) in your hotel's annual gross room revenues in each of 
the first 3 years of projections, Choice may approve the subject application in 
its sole discretion. In that event, you will forfeit the incremental impact study 
fee you paid and you will be obligated to remit the balance of any fees or 
expenses due the consulting firm by submitting a check payable to Choice 
Hotels International. 
 
If your hotel is a designated winner of a Gold or Platinum Award at the time 
you file your Formal Objection, Choice will bear the cost of the incremental 
impact study regardless of the outcome.  
 
Choice will refund any incremental impact study fees you paid if the franchise 
you objected to is terminated due to failure to commence construction or to 
complete a BES addendum. 
 
  

5 
 
IV. Your Additional Rights:  
 
Along with the rights granted to you in Sections II and III, you are granted the 
following additional rights: 
 
o If an incremental impact study concludes against your hotel’s favor, you may 
request a second incremental impact study ("second study") not less than 
365 days and not more than 400 days after the hotel you objected to ("new 
hotel") opens to the public. In the event the second study concludes that the 
new hotel resulted in an incremental impact of more than a 5% reduction in 
your hotel's gross room revenues in the first year of the new hotel's 
operation, you may terminate your Choice Franchise Agreement, without 
payment of liquidated damages. You must submit the applicable incremental 
impact study fee at the time you request the second study, and the fee will be 
non-refundable, regardless of outcome. 
 
o If an incremental impact study concludes in your hotel's favor, Choice will not, 
for a period of 12 months following the study, accept any franchise 
applications for a same-brand hotel to be located within your hotel's 
submarket (as such submarket is defined by the previous study). 
 
o Choice will not approve any franchise application for a same-brand hotel to be 
located within your hotel's market tract (as such market tract is defined by 
Smith Travel Research) if your hotel is in a declining market, is operating 
below a 52% annual occupancy, is in good standing at the time Choice issues 
notification of the application and is operating at a RevPAR yield of at least 
95% of your hotel's local competitive set. You must notify Choice in writing 
that you believe you qualify for the protections afforded by this paragraph 
within 15 days after Choice issues notification of a same-brand franchise 
application. 
 
V. Choice's Right to Replace Franchises  
 
Notwithstanding the Area of Enhanced Protection granted in Section II or the 
additional rights of exclusion granted in Sections III and IV, Choice reserves the right 
to replace any franchise which has departed or which is scheduled to depart from a 
Choice brand system ("departed/departing franchise") with a same-brand franchise, 
located anywhere within the Area of Enhanced Protection of the departed/departing 
franchise. Choice, however, will not grant a replacement franchise if it is to be 
located within the Area of Enhanced Protection of a same-brand hotel in good 
standing, unless the departed/departing franchise was/is already located in such 
same-brand hotel's Area of Enhanced Protection.  
 
For the purpose of this provision, a "departed/departing franchise" means any open 
hotel, executed franchise agreement or approved franchise application. Moreover, 
Choice will not grant a replacement franchise if the replacement hotel would entail 
more than a 50% increase in the number of rooms over that of the 
departed/departing franchise. If a replacement franchise is to be granted for a hotel 
to be located within a specified radius from your hotel, determined by the market 
and location of the applying franchise, we will notify you of this action. 
 
  

6 
 
VI. Scope and Term of This Policy  
 
This Policy shall apply to all Choice hotels that are part of the Clarion, Comfort, 
Quality, Sleep, Econo Lodge, Rodeway, or MainStay brands (including all hotels that 
are part of any sub-segment of those brands, such as Comfort Suites, for example) 
and that are located in the United States of America (including all not-yet-operating 
hotels that are subject to a Choice Franchise Agreement) and its provisions shall be 
in effect until such time this Policy is withdrawn, amended or modified. Any 
withdrawal, amendment or modification of this Policy shall be within Choice's sole 
discretion. 
 
Interpretational Notes 
 
1. In assessing the payment history component of the "good standing" requirement 
under Section I of the Impact Policy, Choice will consider the payment history for the 
Monthly Franchise Services Invoice. The Monthly Franchise Services Invoice does not 
include Travel Agent Commissions. 
 
In assessing the payment history component of the "good standing" requirement 
under Section I of the Impact Policy, a hotel will be considered "past due" only if it 
has been 90 days late beyond the contractual due date in making payment on the 
Monthly Franchise Services Invoice over the payment history period being considered 
without a repayment plan in place. 
 
2. If a property has expressly waived impact rights to a specific brand, such property’s 
rights under this Policy, including the Area of Enhanced Protection, do not apply to 
applications within that specific brand system. 
 
3. With respect to the Area of Enhanced Protection chart set forth in Section II of the 
Impact Policy, the following terms shall be defined as follows: 
 
Primary: All market tracts contained within any of the top fifty Metropolitan 
Statistical Areas identified by Smith Travel based on total room 
supply. 
Secondary: All market tracts contained within all BUT the top fifty 
Metropolitan Statistical Areas identified by Smith Travel based on 
total room supply 
Tertiary: All market tracts contained within any of the Non-Metropolitan 
Statistical Areas identified by Smith Travel. 
  
Resort hotels in cities located in Tertiary (Non-MSA) markets 
 
Primary: Cities with over 2,000 resort rooms  
Secondary: Cities with 1,000 – 1,999 resort rooms 
 Tertiary: Cities with less than 1,000 resort rooms 

EXHIBIT M 

CHOC 
Cassandra Hill  
Executive Director 
4200 Morganton Rd Ste 200-13, Fayetteville, NC 28314  
Phone: 910-778-2456   
Fax: 910-568-4110 
Email: cassandra@choiceowners.com 
 
 
ELFA 
Julie Stone 
President 
8493 Alleghany Road 
Corfu, New York 14036 
Phone: 585.599.4681 
Fax: 585.599.3040 
Email:  econodl@gmail.com 
 
 
ROA 
Girish Patel  
Chairman 
6500 W. Enrique Barrera Parkway 
San Antonio, TX 78227 
Phone: 210-834-2586 
Email: girish.patel@bhagvanhospitality.com 
 
 

EXHIBIT N

List of U.S. Franchisees - Those Operating and Franchisees Who Signed Franchise Agreements as of December 31, 2025 
 
Hotel Address Hotel City Hotel State Hotel Zip 
Code 
Contact Phone 
Number Franchisee 
5051 Academy Lane Besseme r Alabama 35022 2058633300 GUNESH INC 
4965 Montevallo Rd Birmingham Alabama 
35210-
2418 2057774009 Saj Management Inc 
226 Summit Parkway Birmingham Alabama 35209 205-821-7160 AKASH, LLC 
2341 Crossplex Boulevard Birmi ngham Alabama 35208 2057307800 CROSSPLEX VI LLAGE QALICB, LLC 
2048 St. Joseph Drive NW Cullman Alabama 350 55 7149946367 ALABAMA OW NERS GROUP, INC. 
29793 Woodrow Lane Daphne Alabama 36526 615-838-3400 SMG, INC. 
29450 N. Main Street Daphne Alabama 36526 215 9722227 WFCM 2017-C39 Daphne Hotel Portfolio LLC 
3239 Point Mallard Pkwy Decatu
r Alabama 35603 2563551037 SIDDHI HOSPITALITY, L.L.C 
2212 Danville Road SW Decatu r Alabama 35601 9894021505 Surat, Inc 
943 US HWY 80 W Demopolis Alabama 36732  2565347061 EAGLE HOSPITALITY, INC. 
3465 Ross Clark Cir Dothan Alabama 36303 85078 55050 JMS INVESTMENTS LLC 
12 Paul Lee Pkwy Eufaula Alabama 36027 7704846664 HIMA-KUNAL, LLC 
140 Matthew Paul Court Florence Alabama 35630 2562462300 DHS HOSPITALITY II, LLC 
150 West Riviera Blvd. Foley Alabama 36535  2519232610 GULF COAST HOSPITALITY LLC 
1733 Fulton Road Fultondale Alabama 35068  205-259-2160 HAPPY GUEST HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1325 Old Walker Chapel Rd Fultondale Alabama 35068 9728685620 IQ14-1325 WALKER CHAPEL RD, LLC 
96 Walker Street Gadsden Alabama 35904 2563759162 MILINKUMAR PATEL 
1029 Fort Dale Rd Greenville Alabama 36037 3343839595 APS INTERNATIONAL, LLC 
536 East Beach Blvd Gulf Shores Alabama 36542 2056528890 EAST BEACH PARTNERS, LLC 
4725 University Drive Huntsville Alabama 35806 6154001967 TRIDEV HOSPITALITY, LLC 
6224 Torok Circle Huntsville Alabama 358 06 2566030861 SATURN HOSPITALITY, LLC 
202 Oakhill Road Jaspe
r Alabama 35504 2053026400 JASPER  HOTELS, LLC 
1951 Village Drive Leeds Alabama 35094 2058371700 Tass Inc 
850 Speedway Industrial D
r Lincoln Alabama 35096 2057639777 JAI SANTOSHI MA LLC 
141 Trucker Blvd. Livingston Alabama 35470  SUMTER HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1925 Cobbs Ford Road Millbrook Alabama 36054 3344953000 SHIVA, LLC 
80 Springdale Blvd. Mobile Alabama 36606 2515836394 Shree Laxmi Hospitality, LLC 
5660 Tillman's Corner Pkwy Mobile Alab ama 36619 9012188695 S S HOSPITALITY, LLC 
10015 Chantilly Parkway Montgomery Al abama 36117 7709385930 BHUMI, INC 
1201 Townplace Drive Montgomery Alab ama 36106 334-315-3054 Maansi, LLC 
5918 Monticello Dr. Montgomery Alabama 36117 3343872585 SHIV, LLC 
110 Folmar Parkway Montgomery Alabama 36105 832 8021931 JBM International Investment LLC 
811 Fox Run Pkwy. Opelika Alabama 36801 4047841122 Opelika Hospitality, LLC 
125 Davis Loop Road Oxford Alabama 36203 (256) 453-3918 Shri Rajchandra, LLC 
2235 Pelham Parkway Pelham Alabama 35124 2058797004 OM PELHAM, LLC 
270 Vaughan Lane Pell City Alabama 35125 6014989049 PELL CITY HOTELS, INC. 
1200 Shelton Beach Road Saraland Alabama 36571 2516213990 RAJ DESAI, ET. AL. 
25775 John T. Reid Pkwy. Scottsboro Alabama 35768 3127550750 WELLS STREET CAPITAL VI, LLC 

4740 Norrell Dr. Trussville Alabama 35173 2054283999 Om Hanuman LLC 
2285 Jack Warner Parkway Tuscaloosa Alabama 35401 2055534343 AJIT KHER 
3916 McFarland Blvd. East Tuscaloosa Alabama 35405 2055534343 AJIT KHER 
5101 Highway 43 South Tuscumbia Alabama 35674 601-940-3284 AMBRESHREE2, LLC 
2919 W International Airport Anchorage Alaska 99502 (303) 517-4890 B&L MOTELS INC 
1909 Airport Way Fairbanks Alaska 
99701-
4009 5099904645 Airport Way Hotel Operations, Inc. 
630 S. Village Loop Benson Arizona 85602 520 547 1755 OM BENSON INC. 
340 North Goswick Way Camp Verde Arizona 
86322-
7706 3037058020 CAMP VERDE HOTEL PARTNERS, LLC 
7400 W. Boston Street Chandler Arizon a 85226 (603) 723-1873 KLRK Group LLC 
2355 S. Beulah Blvd. Flagstaff Arizona 86001 9287769780 DAKOTA B LODGING, INC 
2480 E. Lucky Lane Flagstaff Arizona 86004 5058842480 RELAX I NNS OF AZ, INC. 
9824 W Camelback Rd Glendale Arizona 85305 6505999264 Tripplet Properties, LLC 
15575 W. Roosevelt St Goodyear Arizona 85338 6234120297 THE BOOT GROUP. LLC 
90 West Esperanza Blvd Green Valley Arizona 85614 5206282010 Krissna LLC 
1637 W. White Mountain Blvd Lakeside Ariz ona 85929 6283686600 LAKESIDE LODGING, LLC 
890 Haul Road Page Arizona 86040 9286452406 VIPUL PATEL 
206 South Beeline Highway Payson Arizona 85541  9284727484 RIM COUNTRY  EXPRESS INN, L.L.C. 
8473 West Paradise Ln. Peoria Arizon a 85382 4166031420 SIMBA HOTELS, LLC 
1344 N. 27th Ave. Phoenix Arizona 85009  8187010596 GREAT WEST INNS, INC. 
5152 Latham Street Phoenix Arizona 85043 REALSOURCE SERVICES, LLC 
17017 North Black Canyon 
Highway Phoenix Arizona 85023 4807519922 H&A GROUP, LLC 
9215 E Hummingbird Lane Scottsdale Arizona 85250 4356191115 SLG-AZ479, LLC 
3500 E. Fry Blvd. Sierra Vista Arizona 
85635-
2906 9289256586 Cochise Hotel Investment Partners, LLC 
16741 N. Greasewood Street Surprise Arizona 85374 5307428586 ANISH, LLC 
1625 S. 52nd St. Tempe Arizona 85281 6029897100 V&P, LLC 
2577 West Highway 70 Thatcher Arizona 85552  9283489500 THATCHER HOTEL PARTNERS, LLC 
8425 N. Cracker Barrel Rd. Tucson Arizona 
85743-
8582 5205791099 SHRI HARI, INC 
1560 West Grant Road Tucson Arizona 85745 5592594006 Andy Chhikara 
4850 South Hotel Drive Tucson Ariz ona 85714 520 547 1755 LKH, INC. 
7007 E. Tanque Verde Tucson Arizona 85715 9286071630 TUCSON HOTEL INVESTMENTS, LLC 
515 West Auto Mall Dr Tucson Arizona 
85705-
6008 5203829139 CFS TUCSON, LLC 
911 W US Route 66 Williams Arizona 86046 9286004088 PDGS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
10553 South Fortuna Road Yuma Arizona 85367 9283421470 JESSE G. GOMEZ 
1227 N. St. Louis Street Batesville Arkansas 725 01 8705355300 S & S HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
3001 NE 11th Street Bentonville Ark ansas 72712 0 AM & M HOTEL, LLC 
2011 S.E. Walton Blvd Bentonville Arkansas  72712 (479) 414-2825 WHITT, INC. 
1510 E Main St. Blytheville Arkansas 72315 8707637081 HOUSEWORTH HOTELS, LLC 
209 W. Commerce Bryant Arkansas 72022  (870) 246-5592 AMBA INVESTMENTS LLC 
1 Ridgecrest Drive Camden Arkansas 717 01 5015259975 SHINN-SHINN-SPELMAN III, LLC 
2370 Sanders Road Conway Arkansas 72032 234-714-1473 Shiv Shakti Hotels Inc 

705 Museum Road Conway Arkansas 72032 860-709-5885 SUN AD HOTELS, LLC 
2309 Junction City Rd. El Dorado Arkansas 71730 8702343612 KAL PATEL 
1234 Steamboat Drive Fayetteville Arkansas 72704 5019455744 NAHL I, LLC 
320 Holiday Drive Forrest City Arkansas 72335 ( 931) 242-2111 Gobble & Duke Forrest City, LLC 
6500 Rogers Avenue Fort Smith Arkansas 729 03 4799682117 WHITTEN HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3627 Central Ave. Hot Springs Arkansas 719 13 (501) 623-1700 JSP DEVELOPMENT, INC. 
320 Nash Street Hot Springs Arkansas 71913  (501) 623-1700 JSP DEVELOPMENT, INC. 
2400 Phillips Drive Jonesboro Arkans as 72401 0 JATIN INVESTMENTS, LLC 
3404 Access Road Jonesboro Arkansas 72401 8703362280 KALPESH R DAS & DHARMENDRA PATEL 
4301 East Roosevelt Rd. Little Rock Arkansas 72206 5017789695 AIRPORT LODGING, LLC 
707 Interstate 30 Little Rock Arkansas 72202 4794142825 Leisure Hospitality LLC 
11 Crossings Court Little Rock Arkans as 72205 5012270120 K.D.V., INC. 
2700 I-55 Service Rd Marion Arkansas 72364 8707392800 L, L & A, LLC 
3915 McCain Park Dr. North Little Rock Arkansas 72116 5019829219 JITU PATEL 
110 E. Pershing Bouelvard North Little Rock Arkansas  72114 8707184229 Shree Mahalaxmi Corporation. 
3620 Camden Rd Pine Bluff Arkansas 71603  8703770954 D AND D HOSPITALITY, INC. 
2714 East Parkway Drive Russellville Ark ansas 72802 4792644112 JALA 2, L.L.C. 
5420 Crossroad Parkway Texarkana Arkansas 718 54 6613352530 T EXARKANA ARKANSAS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1633 N. 12th Court Van Buren Arkansas 72956 8325074232 NISH HOSPITALITY LLC 
850 Stephen Boulevard West Memphis Arkans as 72301 8707324470 RSVP HOSPITALITY, LLC 
300 East Katella Avenue Anaheim California 92802 7147728713 MAKAN HOSPITALITY, INC. 
4700 Valley West Boulevard Arcata Californi a 95521 7074998495 JAI GOPAL HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3115 Camino Del Rio Court Bakersfield California 93308 9494133924 DC Properties 6 LP 
2571 Fisher Blvd. Barstow California 92311 56277722 49 ELITE EXPERIENCE INC. 
805 N. Main St. Bishop California 93514 3109987028 JOE-JAYSHEE PARTNERSHIP 
700 West Donlon Street Blythe California 922 25 (760) 921-2626 J DADA DONLON, INC. 
Ocean Ave & Torres St. Carmel California 93921 8316227090 NILAM PATEL 
2532 Castro Valley Blvd. Castro Valley Califor nia 94546 51053895 01 RAPS CASTRO VALLEY, LLC 
91 E. Bonita Road Chula Vista California 91910 8586214908 EXCEL CV, LP 
143 Clovis Ave Clovis California 93612  5599062363 VIRK INVESTMENTS INC. 
450 N Sperry Drive Colton California 92324 9095786811 PARESH PATEL ET AL. 
2354 South Fourth Street El Centro Ca lifornia 92243 7603353502 FUN HOTELS, LLC 
607 Leucadia Blvd Encinitas California 92024 9093908886 STUDIO INN & SUITES LLC 
1290 West Valley Parkway Escondido Calif ornia 92029 6194542040 SHRI AMBICA, LLC 
4260 Broadway Eureka California 95503 7074442019 SHACHIN, INC. 
4441 Central Place Fairfield Califor nia 94534 70736220 00 TROYKA, LLC 
13500 Baseline Avenue Fontana California 92336 562 8890088 INLAND EMPIRE HOTEL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
1583 Riverwalk Drive Fortuna California 95540  7074968986 SHREE GANESH HOSPITALITY LLC 
102 E. Herndon Ave. Fresno California 93720 5109281234 JAGDISHKUMAR PATEL 
10380 Twin Cities Road Galt California 95632  THE OH FAMILY TRUST 
8435 San Ysidro Avenue Gilroy California 95020  RAKESH VASANT AND FALGUNI VASANT 
11500 Acacia Avenue Hawthorne Californi a 90250 3107222707 MOHAMAD POURNAMDARI 
2460 Whipple Road Hayward California 94544 8189394778 KJS Hospitality, LLC 
16301 Beach Boulevard Huntington Beach Calif ornia 92647 7143603081 SAGAR HOTELS, INC. 
753 Glendora Avenue La Puente California 91744 5622614086 RAJESH PATEL 

23702 Rockfield Boulevard Lake Forest Californi a 92630 3106194244 Turtle Hospitality LLC 
1825 West Avenue J12 Lancaste r California 93534 2533267297 SoCal Hospitality Group, Inc 
14730 S Harlen Rd Lathrop California 95330 2097405786 SADHANA B.  & SANDIP S. PATEL 
2717 West Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles California 90026 2132502261 ESHA, LLC 
140 Reservation Rd Marina California 93933 8318834000 KO-AM PACIFIC GROUP, LLC 
1034 North Beale Rd. Marysville California 95901 530-870-2638 United Development LLC 
1385 State Highway 58 Mojave California 93501 8188227590 ASTA TZP, Inc. 
1200 Olmsted Road Monterey Californi a 93940 8313722945 HIRABHAI PATEL 
588 S. Atlantic Blvd. Monterey Park California 91754 8054957011 ASHNA, INC. 
23330 Sunnymead Blvd. Moreno Valley California 92553 7143603081 Greensburg Hospitality LLC 
16225 Condit Rd Morgan Hill California 95037 4087783300 SAN PANWALA AND KUSUM PANWALA 
41005 California Oaks Rd. Murrieta California 92562 7142486789 Yea Chang (USA) Inc. & Alliance Murrieta Hospitality LLC 
6147 Lankershim Blvd. North Hollywood California 91606 5622614086 CINE MA SPA MOTEL 
888 N. Coast Hwy. Oceanside California 92054  7149315836 SHRI RADHA GOVIND, INC. 
3333 Shelby Street Ontario California 
91764-
4872 7149908800 SHELBY HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1811 East Holt Blvd. Ontario California 91761 9497064001 IOW HOSPITALITY, LLC 
39585 Washington St. Palm Desert California 92211 7603603337 BIG SKY INVESTME NT HOSPITALITY, INC. 
3945 El Camino Real Palo Alto California 94306 6504444255 JAI JINENDRA INVESTMENTS, LLC 
1421 S. Garey Ave Pomona Califor nia 91766 21256 42618 SUPERTEX HOSPITALI TY INVESTMENTS, LLC 
90 Sale Lane Red Bluff California 96080 5305292039 SINGH HOTEL GROUP LLC 
850 Mistletoe Lane Redding California 960 02 5304033660 Akhil Hospitality, LLC 
1195 Grand Avenue Redding California 96003 3034084535 B & L Motels Redding LLC 
4420 Rocklin Road Rocklin California 95677 0 HYS MANAGEMENT, INC 
5040 Redwood Drive Rohnert Park California 94928 408-637-0092 Rohnert Park Hospitality LLC 
21 Howe Avenue Sacramento California 95826 5628891385 SHIV VENTURES INC 
226 Jibboom St. Sacramento California 95814 5628891385 AMERICAN RIVERS INVESTMENTS INC 
181 Kern St. Salinas California 93905 8317701400 SHAKTI, LLC 
3701 S. El Camino Real San Clemente California 
92672-
3452 7147846008 PAYAL  HOTELS, INC. 
3880 Greenwood St. San Diego California 92110 9162967243 SKAV LP, The Shrish B. Patel Living Trust, and Raj Krupa 
2380 Moore Street San Diego California 921 10 8586214908 PINNACLE OLD TOWN, L.P. 
5102 N. Harbor Drive San Diego  California 92106 619 2468694 HARBOR HO TEL ASSOCIATES, LLC 
660 G Street San Diego California 92101  6192384100 Gaslamp Village, L.P. 
9350 Kearny Mesa Road San Diego Califor nia 92126 9168330581 KTK Hospitality INC 
2775 Van Ness Ave. San Francisco California 
94109-
1497 3015923891 COMFORT CALIFORNIA, INC. 
9280 Castillo Dr. San Simeon California 93452 417-296-1075 San Simeon Hotels LLC 
2620 Hotel Terrace Dr. Santa Ana Californi a 92705 71496652 00 SHAKTI INVESTMENTS LLC 
110 Plymouth St. Santa Cruz California 95060 6505963738 PRAMOD PATEL ET. AL. 
314 Riverside Ave. Santa Cruz Californi a 95060 4084299978 I K ENTERPRISES LLC 
2815 Santa Monica Blvd. Santa Monica California 90404 0 Dawn-Dee Motel and Apartment General 
121 E. Grand Ave. South San Francisco California 
94080-
4812 6504444255 HIRA PATEL ET. AL. 
25380 The Old Road Stevenson Ranch California 91381 (000-000-0000) IC KANG CORPORATION 
940 West Weddell Drive Sunnyvale California 94089 6505963738 SILICON VALLEYS INNS, INC 

3015 E. Riverside Drive Susanvill e California 96130 530 2491671 TRIPLE E INVESTMENT CO INC 
40820 Sierra Drive Three Rivers California 93271 80570 82305 HARVEST CAPITAL 1, LLC 
1021 North Blackstone St. Tulare California 
93274-
7376 6267929900 MILO HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1220 Airport Park Blvd Ukiah California 954 82 7074670828 REDWOOD EMPIRE LODGING LLC 
191 Lawrence Drive Vacaville California 95687 4088610823 ARKAY PROPERTIES I, LP 
2094 East Harbor Blvd Vent ura California 93001 7144574163 VENTURA SEAWARD HOTEL, LP 
12281 Mariposa Rd. Victorville California 92395 6195235444 JSA HOTEL SUITES, LLC 
210 E. Acequia Ave. Visalia Californi a 93291 5597381700 EQUITABLE HOTELS 
112 Airport Blvd. Watsonville California 95076 4087798534 WCI MANAGEMENT, LLC 
1844 Shastina Drive Weed California 96094 5309492979 KHALSA JI, INC. 
2080 Freeway Drive Woodland California 95776 5307927205 SAH FREEWAY DRIVE LLC 
1804 B Fort Jones Road Yreka California 960 97 9167186114 TUNDAVI A HOSPITALITY, INC. 
6301 US HWY 160 Alamosa Colorado 81101  9704842444 SKYLINE HOSPITALITY, INC. 
14071 E. Iliff Ave. Aurora Colorado 
80014-
1404 7204275075 YJ INVESTMENT, INC. 
14571 E. Colfax Avenue Aurora Colorado 80010 0 INFINITY HOSPITALITY LLC 
161 W. Beaver Creek Blvd. Avon Colorado 81620 3032202007 AVON WYNFIELD, LLC 
1097 Cedar Street Bennett Colorado 80102 (303) 629-6332 BENNETT LODGING, LTD 
4777 North Broadway Street Boulder Colora do 80304 303-898-5003 J.H.W. MOTELS, INC. 
2180 S. Medical Center Drive Brighton Colo rado 80601 7194882684 TRISIMO BRIGHTON, LLC 
8679 Destination Way Broomfield Colora do 80021 3082354616 RITE-A-WAY, LLC 
920 Cowen Dr. Carbondale Colorado 81623 31499 11500 CARBONDALE HOTEL INVESTORS, LLC 
4755 Castleton Way Castle Rock Colorado 80109 7192487570 Akshar Hospitality LLC 
6450 Corporate Dr. Colorado Springs Colorado 80919 9708749726 SAMS HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
5940 Stetson Hills Boulevard Colorado Springs Colo rado 80923 7193209486 Platinum Hospitality LLC 
620 Federal Boulevard Denver Colorado 80204 (303) 629-6332 US MOTELS FEDERAL, LLC 
5940 Tower Road Denver Colorado 80249 (303) 629-6332 TOWER ROAD LODGING, LLC 
276 Dillon Ridge Road Dillon Colorado 80435 7142518600 SANG DO NO & MI KYUNG NO 
455 South Camino Del Rio Durango Colorado 81303 3037614501 SAN JUAN RESORTS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
7374 South Clinton Street Englewood Colorado 801 12 3038580700 COLORADO HOSPITALITY GROUP LLC 
29300 US Highway 40 Evergreen Colorado 80439 (952)-473-1700 Golden Inn Investment LLC 
11292 Business Park Circle Firestone Colorado 80504 970-372-8699 FIRESTONE HOSPITALITY, LLC 
601 SW Frontage Rd. Fort Collins Colorado 80524 7194062410 EUROPEAN INVESTMENTS LLC 
1415 Oakridge Drive Fort Collins Colorado 80525 970-206-4597 SPARK HOSPITALITY, INC. 
1417 Barlow Road Fort Morgan Colorado 80701 9703010953 KINSALE PROPERTIES, INC. 
400 Jurassic Ave Fruita Colorado 
81521-
9535 4357030737 MAA FRUITA LODGING, LLC 
2625 Gilstrap Ct. Glenwood Springs Colorado 81601 7342317068 GWS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
750 3/4 Horizon Dr. Grand Junction Colorado 81506 3076842219 DAVID MATHIS 
2467 W. 29th Street Greeley Colorado 806 31 3077522439 GREELEY HOSPITALITY, INC 
911 N. Main St. Gunnison Colorado 
81230-
2415 949-413-6486 S3 Gunnison LLC 
7060 E. County Line Rd. Highlands Ranch Colorado 80126 909-539-5556 Omshiv Hospitality LLC 
4851 Thompson Prkwy. Johnstown Colora do 80534 435.267.3272 LLJT Hospitality LLC 
7260 W. Jefferson Lakewood Colorado 802 35 3075206103  LIM INVESTMENT INC. 

2255 9th St. Limon Colorado 
80828-
1175 9708749726 ALL STAR HOTEL GROUP LLC 
3910 Outlook Boulevard Pueblo Colorado 81008 3076722439 FAITH HOSPITALITY, LLC 
301 7th Street South Rifle Colorado 81650  FIRST CITIZENS BANK & TRUST COMPANY 
315 E. Rainbow Blvd. - US 50 Salida Colorado 
81201-
2701 7192212203 DK PARTNERSHIP, LLC 
2020 Leisure Lane Sterling Colorado 80751 9705223700 STERLING HOTEL GROUP. LLC 
12085 Delaware St. Westminster Colorado 80234 3035172483 Shubh Hospitality Inc. 
10200 W. I-70 Frontage Rd. S Wheat Ridge Colorado 80033 (303) 517-4890 B & L MOTELS, INC. 
80 Newtown Road Danbury Connecticut 06810 8453417395 Danbury Hospitality, LLC 
16 Tracy Road Dayville Connecticut 06241 0 WINDHAM HOTEL COMPANY, LLC 
333 Roberts Street East Hartford Connecticu t 06108 8608016302 PLEASANT VALLEY HOTELS, INC. 
141 Prospect Hill Road East Windsor Connecticut 06088 8475325274 Shriji Hospitality, LLC 
375 Voluntown Road Griswold Connecticut 06351 4058209832 Champion Griswold, LLC 
900 East Main St. Meriden Connecticut 06450  MERIDEN HOTEL PARTNERS, LLC 
716 New Haven Road Naugatuck Connecticut 06770 8034885442 JAYANTI PATEL 
275 Otrobando Avenue Norwich Connecticut 06360 9733936636 ATITHI GROUP NORWICH LLC 
1330 Silas Deane Highway Wethersfield Con necticut 06109 9790000000000 VIDHYADHAR MITTA 
764 Dover Leipsic Road Dover Delaware 19901 3023811900 SAL PATEL & NICK PATEL 
1654 N. Dupont Hwy. Dover Delaware 19901 8562971197 764 DOVER LEIPSIC LLC 
699 N DuPont Blvd Milford Delaware 19963 4438826848 MAHADEV, LLC 
3 Concord Lane Newark Delaware 19713 3027372700 CONCORD TOWERS, INC. 
19210 Coastal Highway Rehoboth Beach Delaware 19971 3024278181 RESORT HOTEL, LLC 
23420 Sussex Highway Seaford Delaware 19973 3026285400 MANISH KUMAR PATEL 
1140 Motel Drive Chipley Florida 32428 8504151111 SHRI GANESHAY NAMAH, INC., 
3910 Ulmerton Road Clearwater Florida 33762 5615880456 KANA HOTELS GROUP LLC 
1941 Edgewater Drive Clearwater Florida 33755 813 2802000 LIBERTY CLEARW ATER INVESTMENTS, LLC 
900 Southcrest Drive Crestview Florida 325 36 8507126015 CRESTVIEW HOSPITALITY, LLC 
302 N Federal Hwy Dania Florida 33004 9548741800 MIRANJALI, LLC 
191 South West 19th Court Dania Beach Florid a 33004 9548741800 TANJALI INVESTMENTS, LLC 
103 South Ocean Avenue Daytona Beach Florida 32118 0 BLUE DAYTONA ONE, LLC 
2900 W. International Speedway Daytona Beach Florida 32124 0 Silver Eagles 2011, LLC 
400 E Intl. Speedway Blvd. De Land Florida 32724 3867363100 VSK Express LLC 
50 S. Ocean Drive -- A1A Deerfield Beach Florida 33441 7182415453 WHITMAN ORGANIZATION, LLC 
4401 Commons Drive East Destin Florid a 32541 850-685-4878 Inn At Commons, LLC 
20052 Brooks Street Dunnellon Florida 34432 386-589-6090 NATURE COAST ECO FRIENDS, LLC 
3551 W. Commercial Blvd Fort Lauderdale Flor ida 33309 9548741800 DHM INVESTMENTS, INC. 
4171 Boatways Road Fort Myers Florid a 33905 72750428 79 C.I. FORT MYERS LLC 
10081 Intercom Drive Fort Myers Florida 33913 239-357-1006 Shivam Sakhyam LLC 
9455 Old Luckett Drive Fort Myers Florida 339 05 2708313230 Pennyrile Hospitality LLC 
6505 Metal Drive Fort Pierce Florida 349 45 9548741800 PREMIER HOSPITALITY, INC. 
137 Miracle Strip Pkwy Fort Walton Beach Florid a 32548 7327359416 NALINI HOSPITALITY II, LLC 
3440 Southwest 40th Blvd. Gainesville Florida 32608 84763473 17 GIBRALTAR GAINESVILLE MT, LLC 
2603 SW 13th Street Gainesville Florida 32608 386-589-6090 GAINESVILLE HOTEL INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC 
8001 Parramore Road Jacksonville Florida 32244 9045356100 CR3 HOSPITALITY, LLC 

1180 Airport Road Jacksonville Florida 32218 9047414000 BRAHMBHATT BROTHERS, LLC 
7019 Commonwealth Avenue Jacksonville Florida 32220  INFINITY HOSPITALITY, LLC 
8277 Western Way Circle Jacksonville Florida 32256 4082061730 JAI & A, LLC 
6752 West Indiantown Road Jupiter Florida 
33458-
3978 4153462323 FTP JUPITER HOTEL, LLC 
5196 West Irlo Bronson Memoria Kissimmee Florida 34746 7316643030 SANTRAM ONE, INC. 
2775 Florida Plaza Blvd Kissimmee Florida 34746 205-799-6607 Auburn Hospitality KISS LLC 
1202 Avenida Central Lady Lake Florida 32159 4194670163 CENTRAL FLORIDA SUITES, LLC 
3690 W US HWY 90 Lake City Florida 32024 3864870089 JAI SHREE KRISHNA LAKE CITY, LLC 
3520 North Highway 98 Lakeland Florida 33809 9413557091 S & M HOSPITALITY LLC 
1221 Hypoluxo Road Lantana Florida 33462  2395370026 C & N OF PALM BEACH, INC. 
2214 Highway 71 Marianna Florida 32448 8504827112 MANIBHADRA, INC. 
4510 W New Haven Avenue Melbourne Florida 32904 3013460790 Girnar, LLC 
100 SE 4th Street Miami Florida 33131 3055767800 CASA BELLA TOY 14, INC. 
3901 SW 117 Avenue Miami Florida 33175 9545946864 ONYX Kendall Hotel LLC 
665 Mokena Drive Miami Springs Florida 33166 9549221600 665 MOKENA PARTNERS, LLC 
657 Minola Drive Miami Springs Florida 33166 9549221600 PFEFFER & MARIN HOLDINGS, LLC 
215 Commerce Blvd Midway Florida 32343 0 MA GANGA, LLC 
12282 Emerald Coast Parkway 
West Miramar Beach Florida 32550 8502445889 12282 US98 West, LLC 
6206 US Highway 19 New Port Richey Florida 34652 7276868850 New Port Richey Hotel Group, LLC 
148 John Sims Parkway West Niceville Florida 32578  3863283481 SAGE NICEVILLE HOSPITALITY III, LLC 
1212 S Pine Ave Ocala Florida 34474 9198678510 Tripathi Hospitality LLC 
3825 NW Blitchton Road Ocala Florida 34475 386-589-6090 OCALA HOTEL INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC 
2416 N. Orange Ave. Orlando Florida 32804  4847312468 HEALTHCARE HOTELS, L.P. 
5617 Major Blvd. Orlando Florida 32819 9413598303 Buffalo-Major Boulevard, LLC 
1936 McCoy Road Orlando Florida 32809 4078129100 SRI BALAJI HOTELS, LLC 
295 S. Atlantic Ave. Orm ond Beach Florida 32176 9798246501 BWI Investment, LLC 
1175 Malabar Road, NE Palm Bay Florid a 32907 95459468 64 LAXMI LLC OF PALM BAY 
2317 Jenks Ave Panama City Florida 32405  8507855050 SHRI AMBA MATAJI, INC 
3602 West Hwy 98 Panama City Florida 32401 850 7696407 Shiv Shakti Investments, Inc. 
264 North Tyndall Parkway Panama City Florida 32404  8503190743 Shri Ganesh Enterprises, Inc 
17701 Panama City Beach 
Parkway Panama City Beach Florida 32413 8509138463 PCB Haven, LLC 
225 Richard Jackson Blvd Panama City Beach Florida 32407 8507841988 TRI STAR HOSPITALITY, L.L.C. 
8080 North Davis Highway Pensacola Florida 32514  2562327931 Ssu-Pensacola Lodging Manager, Inc. 
910 N. Navy Blvd Pensacola Florida 32507 6062712218 Jay & Shivani LLC 
812 Kings Highway Port Charlotte Florida 33980 9419794200 PORT CHARLOTTE HOTEL, LLC 
3150 North Ponce de Leon Saint Augustine Florid a 32084 9048249986 Alright Hospitality LLC 
2260 54th Ave. N. Saint Petersburg Florida 33714 40786228 00 SRI AMBAJI INVESTMENTS, LLC 
875 - 94th Avenue, North Saint Petersburg Florida 33702 7275223191 DHRUVANJALI, INC 
590 Ava Court Sanford Florida 32771 4073311688 I-4 PROPERTIES, INC. 
5931 Commercial Way Sarasota Florida 34232 8607787493 RJ Hotels, LLC 
5690 Honore Avenue Sarasota Florida 34233 9413305150 CLARK STATION HOTEL, LLC 
3423 SE Federal Highway Stuart Flor ida 34997 0 SEACOAST HOTELS, INC 

718 Cypress Village Blvd. Sun City Cente r Florida 33573 4058209832 SHIV INN, INC. 
1026 Apalachee Pkwy. Tallahassee Florida 32301 3522596578 NORTH STAR FLORIDA SUITES, LLC 
8301-A W. Commercial Blvd Tamarac Florida 33351 9548741800 DILIP PATEL 
9932 E. Adamo Dr. Tampa Florid a 33619 4058209832  CHAMPAK PATEL 
5421 West Waters Avenue Tampa Florida 33634 9413517734 SHIV SHRADDHA, LLC 
1380 E Burleigh Blvd Tavares Florida 327 78 4075740902 TAVARES HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
4830 Helen Hauser Blvd. Titusville Florid a 32780 3523478383 MILLENNIUM HOTELS, LLC 
9050 Americana Way Vero Beach Florida 32963 586-764-0872 Florida Seaside Hospitality, LLC 
1224 S. Main Street Wildwood Florida 34785  3522596578 NORTH STAR FLORIDA INN, LLC 
184 Northpoint Way Acworth Georgia 30102 8042965546 GAURIPUTRA, LLC 
5455 Windward Parkway West Alpharetta Geor gia 30004 7706056588 NOVA MOONSTONE, LLC 
1005 Kingswood Place Alpharetta Georgia 
30009-
4731 4044228600 HARE KRISHNA ALPHARETTA HOTEL, LLC 
3980 Atlanta Hwy Athens Georgia 30606 70622 79700 VINTAGE HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
795 Pollard Boulevard Atlanta Georgi a 30315 4044566389 AMBALAL, INC. 
5793 Roswell Road, NE Atlanta Georgia 303 28 4045633571 RADHEY INVESTMENTS, LLC 
5087 Clark Howell Hwy Atlanta Georgia 30349 6062712218 Mayuri K GA LLC 
2121 Noland Connector Augusta Georgia 30909 7067366100 MASTERS HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
4071 Jimmie Dyess Pkwy Augusta Georgia 30909 7068552088 JAYMOHAN LLC 
2911 Riverwest Drive Augusta Georgia 30907 7064342540 JS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
155 Main Street Blackshear Georgia 31516  9124496596 BIL WIL INVESTMENTS, LLC 
90 Fisher Street Blairsville Georgia 30512 4047914370 DRS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
83 Blue Ridge Overlook Blue Ridge Georgia 30513 9418229911 N & N HOSPITALITY, LLC 
15 Wammock Ct. Brunswick Georgia 31523 9122642099 SURAJHIRA, LLC 
25 Ashton Drive Brunswick Georgia 31523 ( 203)-415-3755 ASHAPURI MAA BRUNSWICK, LLC 
2499 Satellite Blvd Buford Georgia 30518  RAHIM SHAH 
103 Dunbar Rd Byron Georgia 31008 4787148078 AJIT PATEL ET.AL. 
1033 Fairmount Hwy SE Calhoun Georgia 30701 0000000000 Narayankrupa Investments, LLC 
713 Transit Avenue Canton Georgia 301 14 5104101222 Sammy Corporation 
104 S Cottage Hill Rd Carrollton Georgia 
30117-
6932 404-784-1122 SCLX Hospitality LLC 
43 State Rte 20 Spur Cartersville Geor gia 30121 7066256500 Pooja Poonam, Inc 
3460 Macon Rd Columbus Georgia 31907 ( 706) 888-2737 PETRO INVESTMENTS, INC. 
5236 Armour Rd. Columbus Georgia 31904 7064158118 Armour Road Hospitality LLC 
30490 Highway 441 Commerce Georgia 30529 6787778005 PREMIER HOTEL GROUP, INC. 
1363 Klondike Rd. Conyers Georgia 30094 7068173006 Rudra Lodging LLC 
2803 Frontage Road Cordele Georgia 310 15 2293229195 MahantSwami 2018 LLC 
905 Buford Road Cumming Georgia 30041 917 2994474 MCK HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
835 S Chestatee St Dahlonega Georgia 30533  7063448164 Crown Mountain Hotel, LLC 
905 West Bridge Road Dalton Georgia 30722 7062592583 GANESH SHRI, LLC 
13003 GA HWY 251 Darien Georgia 31305 6786505920 The Radiant Group LLC 
5487 Westmoreland Plaza Douglasville G eorgia 30134 7709499760 JAGIRDAR INC 
234 Highland Pkwy East Ellijay Georgia 30540 4048171988 Sumukha 1, LLC 
7815 Senoia Rd Fairburn Georgia 
30213-
2854 6787824900 TRUSHAL INCORPORATED 

343 Harold G Clarke Parkway Forsyth Georgia 310 29 4044093095 PEACH STAT E HOSPITALITY, INC. 
400 E E Butler Pky Gainesville Georgia 30501  7702564562 SAAJ LLC and PEACHTREE HOTEL LLC 
1906 N. Expressway Griffin Georgia 30223 5712780535 MAA SHELL LLC 
2489 George Busbee Parkway Kennesaw Geor gia 30144 2057060298 Ritz Hospitality LLC 
3366 Busbee Drive NW Kennesaw Georgia 301 44 8037541441 SANT HOSPITALITY DE, LLC 
1322 Hospitality Avenue Kingsland Georgia 31548 5125297951 NIJ HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1512 Lafayette Pky. LaGrange Georgia 302 41 9042333977  KSST INVESTMENTS, INC. 
2225 Riverside Parkway Lawrenceville Georgia 30043 2522593040 MEHTA GROUP INC 
960 West Pointe Ct Lithia Springs Georgia 30122 4238475739 SSM Hotel LLC 
4699 Bill Gardner Pkwy Locust Grove Georgia 30248 2027159549 4699 Bill Gardner Parkway Holdings, LLC 
3935 Arkwright Road Macon Georgia 31210 0 ARKWRIGHT HOSPITALITY, LLC 
5000 Harrison Road Macon Georgia 31206 6787778005 HARP LODGING, LLC 
120 Plantation Inn Drive Macon Georgia 31210 4783145130 ARVIND PATEL ET AL 
1175 Powers Ferry Place Marietta Georgia 30067 (704) 458-5827 Ayra Hotels II LLC 
64 Highway 81 W. at Exit 218 McDonough Georgi a 30253 6065107784 Laxmi 15 Hospitality LLC 
2621 North Columbia Street Milledgev ille Georgia 31061 4044317673 OM Shree Shivshakti Hospitality USA LLC 
1444 Southlake Plaza Drive Morrow Georgia 30260 0 JAI AMBE, LLC 
45 Bledsoe Road Ne wnan Georgia 30265  4045780047 VARADAYA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
5200 Peachtree Indust. Blvd Peachtree Corners Georgia 30071 7702638883 JAY SAI GANESH, LLC 
201 Lect Drive Perry Georgia 31069 478 3747925 REVTI BALDEVJI HARIKISHNA 
115 Traveler's Way Port Wentworth Georgia 31407 215-499-8435 Jay Somnath Holdings, LLC 
15 Hobson Way Rome Georgia 30161 4783189918 Bluekrishna Hotel Investment, LLC 
1500 Market Blvd Roswell Georgia 30076 40442 95992 A&S Hospita lity Roswell LLC 
7110 Hodgson Memorial Drive Savannah Georgia 31406 9129963989 Jai Hanumandada, LLC 
1 Clyde E Martin D
r Savannah Georgia 31408 9129203200 Divya Investments Inc. 
596 Al Henderson Blvd Savannah Georgia 31419 9129203200 OM SRI KRUPA, INC. 
2800 Highlands Parkway SE Smyrna Georgia 300 82 6783091200 SOUTH COBB HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2221 Corporate Plaza Parkway S Smyrna G eorgia 30080 6787381838 CIS MARIETTA, LLC 
17870 Hwy 67 Statesbor o Georgia 30458 91226 54600 ISHVER INVESTMENT GROUP, INC. 
3540 Cameron Parkway Stockbridge Georgia 30281 8287190657 SHREE SAI HOTEL, LLC 
5355 Stone Mountain Hwy Stone Mountain Georgia 30087 6178236917 CHALAMALI INVESTMENTS, LLC 
2945A Lawrenceville Suwanee Rd Suwanee Georgia 30024 5104101222 Sammy Corporation 
1893 Washington Road T homson Georgia 30824 0 SKYNET INFRA, LLC 
320 South Virginia Ave Tifton Georgia 31794  2295617203 WILLIAMS INVESTMENT COMPANY 
1785 West Hill Avenue Valdosta Georgia 31601  2298964511 WILLIAMS INVESTMENT COMPANY 
1332 N. St. Augustine Rd. Valdosta Georgia 31601 2298964511 WHV CS LLC 
132 Hwy. 61 Connecto
r Villa Rica Georgia 30180 4045780047 SRI SAVA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
95 GA HWY 247 South Warner Robins Georgia 31088 (714) 235-5176 SAMI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2725 Watson Blvd Warner Robins Georgia 31093 4045300086 CARE HOSPITALITY WARNER ROBINS LLC 
3101 Watson Blvd Warner Robins Georgia 31093 4783204104 202 Vineville LLC 
1922 Memorial Drive Waycross Georgia 31501 8478901252 Jai Adhyashakti LLC 
340 Parkway 575 Woodstock Georgia 30188 7705179650 Hari-om Hospitality Inc. 
3625 W. Elder Street Boise Idaho 83705 91849 27811 BURTON HOTEL GROUP OF BOISE, LLC 
2906 S. Vista Avenue Boise Idaho 83705 5037533828 DMP 2008, INC. 
702 W. Appleway Avenue Coeur D' Alene Idaho 83814 7017936584 IDAHO PROGRESS OF CDA, LLC 

195 S. Colorado Ave. Idaho Falls Idaho 83402 7142360134 KRA LLC 
475 River Parkway Idaho Falls Idaho 83402 ( 303) 629-6332 IDAHO FALLS LODGE, LLC 
379 Crossroads Point Boulevard Jerome Idaho 83338 2086810156 HOTEL DEVELOPERS-JEROME, LLC 
2610 East Freeway Drive Meridian Idaho 83642  DEERPARK US PROPERTIES LLC 
11 Crossroads Ct. Alton Illinois 62002 4783353284 Diya Alton LLC 
3700 N Wilke Rd Arlington Heights Illinois 60004 269-519-9309 Illinois One Hotel Inc., 
2112 South Arlington Heights 
Road Arlington Heights Illinois 60005 57431 59700 GH of Arlington Heights LLC 
908 Maple Hill Rd. Bloomington Illinois 61704 7864717676 Nilkanth USA LLC 
1500 Illinois Highway 50 Bourbonnais Illinoi s 60914 8474283116 SANKET PROPERTIES, LLC 
2400 Reed Station Parkway Carbondale Illinois 62901 2052592160 Saluki Hospitality, LLC 
8 Commerce Dr. Collinsville Illinois 62234 6183464900 AHO HOTEL, LLC 
595 Tracy Trail Crystal Lake Illinois 600 14 224-727-2215 SB CICL Management LLC 
5170 N Wingate Drive Decatur Illinois 62526 7158339798 DECATUR HOTEL LLC 
1314 W Lincoln Hwy Dekalb Illinois 60115  8157487100 DK HOTEL INVESTMENT LLC 
2209 John Deere Expwy East Moline Illin ois 61244 3096480212 JAI GAYATRI, INC. 
3080 S. SR 157 Edwardsville Illinois 62025 6186564900 157 HOSPITALITY, INC. 
1310 W. Fayette Rd Effingham Illinois 62401 2173422322 B B & K DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 
2480 Bushwood Drive Elgin Illinois 60124 6083859245 Nilkanth Hotels Inc 
137 Ludwig Drive Fairview Heights Illinois 62208 4783353284 Jayshree Krishna, Inc. 
1555 E. Fabyan Parkway Geneva Illinois 60134 6303785300 NEW GENEVA HOTEL, LLC 
1775 East Belvidere Road Grayslake Illinois 60030 9204782200 GRAYSLAKE HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
2265 S. State Route 127 Greenv ille Illinois 62246 3174679999 Green Hospitality, Inc. 
6080 Gurnee Mills Circle E. Gurnee Illinois 
60031-
4524 9206830220 SUM HOSPITALITY INC. 
2075 Barrington Road Hoffman Estates Illinois 60169 8478846400 3LA HOSPITALITY INC. 
1520 Commerce Lane Joliet Illinois 60431 815 4831024 VIDYUT PATEL & HITESH PATEL 
2235 West 173rd St Lansing Illinois 60438 2482319094 Lansing IL Hospitality LLC 
130 Olson Drive Lincoln Illinois 62656 704-689-8758 Shri Ganeshgroup, LLC 
530 W. North Ave Lombard Illinois 60148 6302050031 Shree Hari Hotel of Lombard, Inc 
2403 Black Diamond Drive Marion Illinois 62959 6186244471 ALLYSON GROUP INC 
1408 E. Broadway Mattoon Illinois 61938 84754 18300 NEW MIDWEST HOTELS MATTOON S, LLC 
2600 52nd Ave. Moline Illinois 
61265-
6373 8477220918 52ND AVE PROPERTIES LLC 
70 Gore Rd. W. Morris Illinois 
60450-
9379 8159426600 Virsa Hospitality LLC 
201 E. Ashland Street Morton Illinois 61550 7046898758 SHRIJI HANUMANTE LLC 
404 South 44th Street Mount Vernon Illinois 62864 6182442700 VIGHNANASHA, LLC 
517 E. Highway 83 Mundelein Illinois 60060 0 Raj Motel Inc. 
310B Greenbriar Dr. Normal Illinois 61761 70123510 60 HERITAGE SUITES OF BLOOMINGTON, INC 
308 S Lincolnway Street North Aurora Illinois 60542 8154831024 AKSHAR MURTI HOSPITALITY, INC. 
17W445 Roosevelt Rd. Oakbrook Terrace Illin ois 60181 6303553467 OAKBROOK ENTERPRISE LLC 
116 Regency Park O'Fallon Illinois 62269 8136891261 Champak Patel 
120 W. Stevenson Road Otta wa Illinois 61350 847-877-44 76 Empire Hotels LLC 
1812 W. War Memorial Dr. Peoria Illinois 
61614-
6728  CNI THL PROPCO FE II, LLC 

2238 North Main Street Princeton Illinois 613 56 847-875-3371 Shiv Shakti Hospitality LLC 
1133 N. 7th St. Rochelle Illinois 61068  ROCHELLE HOSPITALITY LLC 
7392 Argus Dr. Rockford Illinois 
61107-
5283 217-663-5401 Santa Hospitality LLC 
1235 Lake View Drive Romeoville Illinois 60446  M&S ASSOCIATES INC. 
1300 E. Higgins Road Schaumburg Illinois 601 73 8475293703 SCHAUMBURG INVESTMENT LLC 
4200 N. River Road Schiller Park Illinois 60176  6084447327 BEECHWOOD PYRAMID HOTEL CHICAGO LLC 
3675 South 6th Street Springfield Illinoi s 62703 8156902681 PPVV HOSPITALITY CORP 
2620 S. Dirksen Pkwy. Springfield Illinois 62703  3056955600 CSFB 2001-CP4 DIRKSEN PARKWAY, LLC 
18400 Spring Creek Dr. Tinley Park Illinois 
60477-
6236 0 HARBOR HOSPITALITY INC 
2001 North Lincoln Avenue Urbana Illinois 61801 9092728063 JJ URBANA HOTEL GROUP LLC 
2229 East 59th Street Ander son Indiana 46013 8474283116 AASHNA PROPERTIES, LLC 
1137 W. 15TH Street Auburn Indiana 46706  347-475-6224 Ik Onkar Hospitality LLC 
8229 E. US Hwy 36 Avon Indiana 46123 3175073097 MOTELS OF AVON, LLP 
1700 North Kinser Pike Bloomington Indian a 47404 6024539901 KINSER GROUP L.L.C. 
1782 N. Main Street Bluffton Indiana 467 14 2147282196 SULAI HOSPITALITY, INC. 
500 W. Northfield Drive Brownsburg Indian a 46112 3178522000 EXCEL HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1485 Broadway St Clarksville Indiana 47129 40885 99527 Xenia Clarksville Plus LLC 
2991 N. Gandhi St. Crawfordsville Indiana 479 33 4192326040 RAHEE HOSPITALITY, INC. 
11711 North U.S. 31 Edin burgh Indiana 46124 81237 92173 J ENTERPRISES INN OF TAYLORSVILLE LLC 
404 Northpointe Blvd. Elkhart Indiana 465 14 5745061555 SRITACK HOSPITALITY, LLC 
27838 County Road 24 Elkhart Indiana 46517 8478733185 Radhakrishn LLC 
8331 E. Walnut Street Evansville Indiana 477 15 8124719300 ENCORE HOTEL OWNERS I, LLC 
3901 Highway 41 N. Evansville Indiana 47711 8124719340 YEROLEMOS 2, LLC 
123 Scenic Hills Court Ferdinand Indian a 47532 7709045223 K-4 INVESTMENTS, LLC 
9780 N. by Northeast Boulevard Fishers Indiana 46037 4058209832 CHAMPION FISHERS LLC 
3302 E. Dupont Rd. Fort Wayne Indiana 
46825-
2408 2604666565 JAIKAR, LLC 
5775 Coventry Lane Fort Wayne Indiana 468 04 4052025292 MAPLE 16 INVESTMENTS, LLC 
251 West State Road 120 Fremont Indiana 46737 2698308263 Dutt Hospitality, Inc. 
9530 West State Road 56 French Lick Indiana 47432 818 2793935 HOOSIER HOSPITALITY OF FRENCH LICK, LLC 
2309 Lincolnway East Goshen Indiana 46526 269-591-9801 ABG Group LLC 
178 E Martindale Dr. Greenfield Indi ana 46140 3174679999 FASIH, INC 
7813 Indianapolis Blvd. Hammond Indiana 46324 2198442140 FOUR ONE HOTELS, LLC 
3550 E. 181st Avenue Hebron Indiana 46341 3179465564 R&P DEVELOPMENT, INC 
1915 Mississippi St. Hobart Indiana 46342 3126677000 NARNARAYAN HOSPITALAITY, LLC 
2205 N. Jefferson Street Huntington Indiana 46750 7166645920 HUNTINGTON HOSPITALITY, LLC 
9090 Wesleyan Rd. Indianapolis Indiana 46268 8592795900 MALWA HOTELS, LLC 
2295 N. Shadeland Indianapolis  Indiana 46219 31724 75500 SHADELAND LODG EING ASSOCIATES, LLP 
3514 South Keystone Ave Indianapolis I ndiana 46227 3173578236 Devadeva, LLC 
10290 Pennsylvania Parkway Indianapolis Indiana 46280  COLFIN JIH AHI PROPERTIES LLC 
5040 S. East St. Indi anapolis Indiana 46227  0 SHREE JI BAVA, LLC 
4125 Kildeer Drive Indianapolis Indiana 46237  3175073097 MOTELS OF INDIANAPOLIS, LLP 
2750 Fortune Circle West Indianapolis Indiana 46241 3476366547 Singh Estate LLC 

1970 Hospitality Drive Jaspe r Indiana 47546 770 9045223 JASPER INVEST MENT GROUP, LLC 
1917 Dowling Street Kendallville Indiana 46755 2199025142 Rajvi Hospitality, LLC 
522 Essex Dr. Kokomo Indiana 46901 5054739004 Ram Kokomo LLC 
100 East Shore Parkway La Porte Indiana 46350  2693527303 East Shore Hospitality LLC 
4701 Meijer Court Lafayette Indiana 47905 7654473434 RDS, LLC 
31 Frontage Rd. Lafayette Indiana 47905 402 3164399 SPPR TRS SUBSIDIARY, LLC 
1610 Flossie Drive Lawrenceburg Indiana 47025 5132583311 DMB HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3767 Clifty Drive Madison Indiana 47250 6308203400 PRANNATH, LLC 
1344 East 83rd Avenue Merrillville Indiana 464 10 8122299760 Fortune 5 Hospitality LLC 
100 Keiffer Road Michigan City Indiana 46360 (260) 445-6740 Vidhi, LLC 
5640 North Main St. Mishawaka Indiana 46545 57424 74000 STAR BEST HOTELS, LLC 
3400 N. Marleon Dr. Muncie Indiana 47304  3173578236 SOHUM HOTELS MUNCIE, LLC 
6107 Cambridge Way Plainfield Indiana 46168 8122519646 Kunj LLC 
2513 North Michigan Street Plymouth Indian a 46563 8156783501 SHRI GHANSHYAM, LLC 
1800 West US Highway 20 Porte
r Indiana 46304 8122299760 FORTUNE 7 HOSPITALITY LLC 
8928 West State Road 114 Rensselae r Indiana 47978 1-765-714-48 91 DJS HOSPITALITY, INC. 
421 Commerce Road Richmond Indiana 47374 8123606894 Richmond Hospitality LLC 
1019 W. Lincoln Hwy Schererville Indiana 46375 6302050797 JUMP HOSPITALITY, LLC 
36 W. Rampart Shelbyville Indiana 461 76 5025994269 GAL AXY HOSPITALITY, LLC 
52939 SR 933 South Bend Indiana 466 37 4023164399 SPPR-S OUTH BEND, LLC 
60971 US 31 South South Bend Indiana 466 14 (574) 315-2824 NIKESH AMIN ET. AL. 
501 E. Margaret Ave. Terre Haute Indiana 47802 7012351060 HERITAGE SUITES OF TERRE HAUTE, INC 
2555 Hart St. Vincennes Indiana 
47591-
6339 5303405097 DENAPIYA, LLC 
7275 S. 75  Road E. Warren Indiana 467 92 812-236-1227 Star Hospitality LLC 
3328 E. Center Street Wars aw Indiana 46582 4023164399 SPPR TRS SUBSIDIARY, LLC 
2023 Adventureland Drive Altoona Iowa 500 09 5152593040 SHREE RIDDHI SIDHI LLC 
603 S. 16th Street Ames Ames Iowa 50010 6413302957 HART FAMILY HOTELS-AMES, LLC 
215 NE Delaware Ave Ankeny Iowa 50021 0 RUDRAKSHA HOSPITALITY INC. 
1780 Stonegate Center Drive Burlington Iowa 52601  BURLINGTON AREA HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
7402 Nordic Drive Cedar Falls Iowa 50613 6088482995 CEDAR FALLS HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
2025 Werner Ave NE Cedar Rapids Iowa 52402 435-650-0347 Veerdada LLC 
710 America Drive, SW Cedar Rapids Iowa 52404 0 CEDAR RAPIDS HOSPITALITY, INC. 
214 West 9th Street Coralville Iowa  52241 3193516131 SUN HOTELS, LLC 
2431 James Street Coralville Iowa 52241 3193312051 OLD CAPITOL HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1801 S. 35th Street Council Bluffs Iowa 51501 0 COUNCIL BLUFFS HOSPITALITY, INC. 
8300 Northwest Boulevard Davenport Iowa 528 06 5633436657 FUL-MOR ENTERPRISES, LLC 
3206 E Kimberly Road Davenport Iowa 52807  AMARA HOTEL DAVENPORT, LLC 
929 3rd Street Des Moines Iowa 50309 5155768181 A & B OF IOWA, INC. 
527 16th Ave. SE Dyersville Iowa 
52040-
1959 3193950663 MEHAR HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1630 West Street South Grinnell Iowa 50112 3194315869 KARMA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2100 Swan Lake Blvd. Independence Iowa 50644 0 SHRI SANTOSHI MA, INC. 
902 Mississippi View Court Le Claire Iowa 52753 3195737837 CEDAR RIVER, LLC 
100 North St Marquette Iowa 52158 7152077397 Marquett Hotel LLC 

2613 S. Center St. Marshalltown Iowa 
50158-
4501 5152593040 SHRI NILKANTH LLC 
410 5th St., S.W. Mason City Iowa 50401  HOSPITALITY GROUP PARTNERS, LP 
115 Cleveland Street Muscatine Iowa 52761 6309916235 JAY SIYARAM, LLC 
4202 S. Lakeport St. Sioux City Iowa 51106 4026405507 Heads in Beds LLC 
425 Timberland Drive Story City Iowa 50248 6088482995 STORY CITY HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
501 Walker Street Walcott Iowa 52773 3198302292 PLATINUM LEAF, INC. 
2011 LaPorte Road Waterloo Iowa 50702 0 ATUL PATEL 
1625 Jordan Creek Parkway West Des Moines Iowa 50266 5152593040 JAI HANUMAN LLC 
517 West 7th Augusta Kansas 67010 7853413388 MITESH PATEL & RAJU SHETH 
13041 Ridge Drive Bonner Springs Kansas 66012 9137213874 SB HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2225 S. Range Ave. Colby Kans as 67701 7854431966 WWS, INC. 
675 W Horton Ave Colby Kansas 67701 7854431966 WWS, INC. 
2700 West Wyatt Earp  Blvd. Dodge City Kansas 67801 5805391903 BOBC HOLDINGS, LLC 
2921 W. 18th Avenue Emporia Kansas 66801 816.516.5082 Emporia Hotel LLC 
2608 East Kansas Ave Garden City Kansas 67846 5302624341 Westbridge Inc 
2631 Enterprise Road Goodland Kansas 677 35 7858993804 PRAIRIESKY CAPITAL, LLC 
1001 E. 41st St. Hays Kansas 67601 (303) 517-4890 B & L MOTELS, INC. 
1601 Super Plaza Avenue Hutchinson Kansas 67501  3163237883 VASU, INC. 
3000 West Main Street Independence Kans as 67301 7855541044 MAA AMBA, INC. 
120 North East Street Junction City Kansas 66441 (785) 554-6700 SHREE BHOLENATH MANAGEMENT, INC. 
3000 N. 103rd Terrace Kansas City Kansas 66109 (785) 554-6700 SHREE MADHAVA REAL ESTATE, LLC 
151 McDonald Drive Lawrence Kansas 66044 7853837081 Shree Mahadev Management Inc 
2891 Centennial Blvd. Liberal Kansas 67901 6202757471 AMRO SAMY 
1020 Hostetler Drive Manhattan Kansas  66502 3165223864 S & B MOTELS INC 
1205 East First Street Newton Kansas 67114 7604122045 B&G HOSPITALITY, LLC 
12245 S Strang Line Rd Olathe Kans as 66062 9132820434 CIS Olathe, LLC 
2335  Oak Street Ottawa Kansas  66067 0 OTTAWA GROUP, LLC 
4009 Parkview Dr. Pittsburg Kansas 
66762-
2305 9139087661 PCI Operation LLC 
1949 N. 9th Street Salina Kansas 67401  RAJ, INC. 
715 W Schilling Road Salina Kansas 67401 7855541044 MAA AMBA, INC 
16510 Midland Drive Shawnee Kansas 66217 7855541044 MAA AMBA, INC. 
6213 SW 10th Street Topeka Kansas 66604 7855541044 MAA AMBA L.L.C. 
9525 E. Corporate Hills Wichita Kansas 67207 2147744650 Supreme Bright Kansas VII LLC 
7856 E. 36th Street N. Wi chita Kansas 67226 2062405035 RP Hotels 2, LLC 
7515 West Taft Street Wichita Kansas 672 09 9252502246 LADIWALLA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
227 Paint Lick Rd Berea Kentucky 40403 6155257368 Hari LLC 
1211 Kenilwood Way Bowling Green Kentucky 42104 6153913919 JALARAM KRUPA, LLC 
819 Sanders St. Cave City Kentucky 42127 270 7732030 GANESH INVESTMENTS GROUP, INC. 
25 Hwy 770 Corbin Kentucky 40701 6065287020 Laurel Host Properties, LLC 
864 Ben-Ali Drive Danville Kentucky 
40422-
1927 0 OM-YASH ENTERPRISES, LLC 
200 Sgt. Daniel Wallace Way Dry Ridge Kentucky 41035 6153913919 JAI LAXMI NARAYAN, LLC 
215 Commerce Drive Elizabethtown Kentu cky 42701 2173453219 JAY-RAM, INC. 

7454 Turfway Road Florence Kentu cky 41042 8594337686 NOKY, INC 
5905 Merchants Street Fl orence Kentucky 41042 0 SEVA HOSPITALITY CSF, INC 
105 Trotter Lane Franklin Kentucky 42134 2705862598 FRANKLIN BANK & TRUST COMPANY 
121 Darby Dr. Georgetown Kentucky 403 24 8592330512 RK INVESTMENT CO. 
2820 US 41 North Henderson Kentucky 42420  2708278191 Universal Hospitality, LLC 
210 Harvey Way Hopkinsville Kentucky 42240 2708719124 Jagni Hotels 2, LLC 
1001 Paige Place La Grange Kentucky 40031  AKSHARA LLC 
2400 Buena Vista Road Lexington Kentucky 40505 85936800 87 RAINMAKER HOLDINGS III LLC 
5531 Athens Boonesboro Rd. Lexington Kentucky 40509 6154547948 Shri Ramdev Inc 
3060 Fieldstone Way Lexington Kentucky 40513 (913) 908-9973 Blue City Lex, LLC 
1918 West Hwy. 192 By Pass London Kentucky 40741 6068777848 LONDO N HOSPITALITY, LLC 
4444 Dixie Hwy Louisville Kentucky 40216  5026407705 LOUISVILLE SW HOTEL, LLC 
2912 Crittenden Drive Louisville Kentucky 40209 5613509367 Pramukh Raj, LLC 
6535 Paramount Park Dr. Louisville Kentucky 40213 (913) 908-9973 Blue City SDF LLC 
1850 Resource Way Louisville Kentucky  40299 40237 12520 TRS LEASING, INC. 
545 Powell Drive Madisonville Kentucky 42431 270-222-1169 Shree Jagni Ratan, Inc 
2650 KY 801 North Morehead Kentucky 40351 6067807378 CRLM LLC 
105 Stone Trace Drive Mount Sterling K entucky 40353 5025194444 GARDENIA, INC 
100 Allstar Way Nicholasville Kentucky 40356  (202) 391-5923 NICHOLASVILLE HOST, LLC 
230 Salem Drive Owensboro Kentucky 42303 2709930735 Shivmir LLC 
5135 Cairo Road Paducah Kentucky 42001 5736243566 JITENDRA PATEL & NAGIN NATHU 
3918 Coleman Crossing Circle Paducah Kentucky 420 01 (731) 298-1900 MCCRACKEN HOSPITALITY, LLC 
123 Lee Ave Pikeville Kentucky 41501 CONCEPT LODGING, INC. 
51 Hal Rogers Drive Prestonsburg Kentucky  41653 3044870216 PREMIER HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2007 Colby Taylor Dr. Richmond Kentucky 40475 6065266646 Neal Enterprises, LLC 
251 Breighton Circle Shelbyville Kentucky 40065  MAVTAR HOTEL, LLC 
191 Brenton Way Shepherdsville Kentucky  40165 2703006541 HRS BROOKS, INC. 
82 Jolin Drive Somerset Kentucky  42503 502 6358125 AKSHAR, INC. 
324 Lincoln Drive Springfield Kentucky 40069 (513) 771-9080 Shivoham LLC 
10 Country Drive Wilde
r Kentucky 41076 0 DOUBLE A HOSPITALITY, LLC 
5250 Revilo Road Wincheste r Kentucky 40391 0 Win Hotel, LLC 
6015 Old Boyce Rd Alexandria Louisia na 71303 3187303155 BIJ HOTEL, INC 
1117 West Oak Street Amite Louisia na 70422 5045151969 JAYMIN, LLC 
4924 Constitution Avenue Baton Rouge Louis iana 70808 225 7670460 SAI ENTERPRISES, LLC 
5600 Bluebonnet Blvd Baton Rouge Louisiana 70809 3372552514 Mani Hospitality LLC 
2717 Village Lane Bossier City Louisiana 711 12 4176270440 SUN MOON HOSPITALITY, LLC 
7950 East Texas Street Bossier City Louisia na 71111 318-243-2468 NTP PROPERITES, LLC 
30 Louis Prima Drive Covington Lou isiana 70433 601 3105201 KAPIL,LLC 
249 Rushing Road W Denham Springs Louisiana 70726 (860) 709-5885 Vidhya Hospitality LLC 
2821 Cabela's Parkway Gonzales Louisiana 70737 6016362700 GONZALES LODGING, LLC 
110 Westin Oak Drive Hammond Louisiana 70403 9854290120 R.B.M Enterprises, LLC 
1611 Elton Court Road Harvey Louisiana 70058 2053026400 SOUTHERN HOSPI TALITY PARTNERS, LLC 
1530 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd Houma Louisiana 70360 9855801050 OM SHANTI OM THREE, LLC 
1501 Veterans Memorial Blvd Kenne
r Louisiana 70062 6062712218 Jay VK LLC 
2200 NE Evangeline Thruway LaFayette Louisiana 70501 3372912916 SRIRAM, LLC 

114 Rue Fernand Lafayette Louisiana 70508  OM SHANTI OM, L.L.C. 
1016 N  Martin Luther King Hwy Lake Char les Louisiana 70601 6194224242 JPPIN LLC 
11498 Lake Charles Highway Leesville Louisiana 71446 2484706400 Sweet Home Hospitality LLC 
68073 Highway 59 Mandeville Louisiana 70471  RPVRS LODGING, LLC 
6751 Westbank Expressway Marrero Louisiana 70072 5043716666 MARRERO HOTEL, LLC 
2601 Severn Avenue Metairie Louisiana 70002  5044735693 GULF VEN TURES ASSOCIATES, LLC 
1401 Martin Luther King Jr. Monroe Louisiana  71202 (505) 879-7613 1401 Monroe LLC 
151 Hayes Avenue Natchitoches Louisiana 71457 3184719418 CSN, INC. 
611A Queen City Drive New Iberia Louisiana 70560 337-205-1234 BAPU 5 OF NEW IBERIA, LLC, 
7051 Bullard Avenue New Orleans Louisiana 70128 5047106960 TULSI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2880 N Westport Drive Port Allen Louisiana 70767  BALU, JAYANTIBHAI, MAHES BHUPEN PATEL 
1825 Roberta Ave Ruston Louisiana 71270  LA DHILLON INVESTMENTS, LLC 
10151 Airline Highway Saint Rose  Louisiana 700 87 5049310135 SIDDIQUI ENTERPRISES, L.L.C. 
1636 Saint Mary Street Scott Louisiana 70583  3378528396 OM Shiv Sai Hospitality LLC 
9420 Healthplex Dr. Shreveport Louisiana 711 06 5412278480 TUNDAVIA HOSPITALITY, INC. 
6715 Financial Circle Shrevepor t Louisiana 711 29 9167869223 CYBER1 HOSPITALITY, LLC 
126 Taos Street Slidell Louisiana 70458 985-726-9598 HItesh Patel 
2505 Highway 108, South Sulphu
r Louisiana 70665 3375296229 LA Asset Reserves, LLC 
213 Constitution Drive West Monroe Louisiana 712 92 3182374768 Patel & Self Hospitality, LLC 
149 Well Road West Monroe Louisiana 71291 8177264058 TEJANI AND DAHAL INVESTMENTS, LLC 
1686 E. Mount Pleasant Rd. Zachary Louisiana  70791 661-313-1924 Doolys Hospitality 1 Inc 
281 Civic Center Dr. Augusta Maine 04330 6177703722 GIRI CIVIC DRIVE LLC 
10 Bangor Mall Boulevard Bango
r Maine 04401 0 HAMOVER ASSOCIATES 
199 Pleasant St. Brunswick Maine 04011 2077291129 Austin Hotels, LLC 
130 High St. Ellsworth Maine 04605 0 Ellsworth CI, LLC 
48 Industrial Park Road Saco Maine 04072 6178357568 Giri Saco, Inc. 
329 US Route 1 Scarborough Maine 04074 6173724914 Jatt Estates LLC 
90 Maine Mall Rd. South Portland Maine 041 06 2075170519 FOUR SEASONS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1026 US Route 2 East Wilton Maine 04294  5086767888 MAINE HOTEL MANAGEMENT, LLC 
980 Hospitality Way Aberdeen Maryland 21001 4432507546 SUNIT (SONNY) PATEL 
120 E. Lombard Street Baltimore Maryla nd 21202 (434) 446-0973 Shree Vaishno Devi, LLC and BHK Realty, LLC 
4050 Powder Mill Rd. Beltsville Maryland 20705  BPG HOTEL III OPERATING TENANT, LLC 
4500 Crain Hwy. Bowie Maryland 20716 3014640089 PATUXENT MANAGEMENT CO.. 
2936 Ocean Gateway Cambridge Maryland 21613 2402856690 NEEMA CAMBRIDGE, LP 
150 Scheeler Road Chestertown Maryland 216 20 7175332515 Neema Chestertown, LP 
7146 Old Waterloo Rd. Elkridge Maryland 21075 3019324400 COLUMBIA LODGING, INC. 
7300 Executive Way Frederick Maryland 217 04 3016687272 RPN HOSPITALITY, LLC 
998 W. Patrick St. Frederick Maryland 21703 6092332719 ANAMI MD, LLC. 
16216 Frederick Rd Gaithersburg Maryland 
20877-
3502 3012086700 ROCK GROVE ASSOCIATES LP 
2541 Chestnut Ridge Rd Grantsville Mary land 21536 304.657.2392 SAI GURU DUTTA LLC 
1801 Dual Hwy Hagerstown Maryland 21740 3017918100 SHREE GANESH HOSPITALITY LLC 
7900 Braygreen Road Laurel Maryland 20708 2402856690 Neema Laurel, LP 
1216 National Highway Lavale Maryland 21502 2407278767 National Pike Holdings LLC 
21885 Three Notch Road Lexington Park Maryland 20653 2409255675 Warahi Hospitality, Inc 

1 Center Drive North East Maryland 219 01 3013458700  NORTHEAST LODGING, LLC 
11201 Coastal Hwy. Ocean City Maryland 
21842-
2513 5404370038 GOLD COAST HOTEL LP 
507 Atlantic Avenue Ocean City Maryland 21842 410 2895155 ESHAM FAMILY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
12718 Ocean Gateway Ocean City Maryland 21842 3022706858 KW OCEAN CITY, LLC 
6363 Oxon Hill Rd Oxon Hill Maryland 20745 571.258.7371 Living Legacy Developments LLC 
8801 Loch Raven Blvd Towson Maryland 21286 4108820900 SHRI SUDHA DEVI LLC 
9421 Largo Drive West Upper Marlboro Maryland 20774 (301) 389-3857 Largo Drive Enterprise, LLC 
426 Southbridge St. Auburn Massachusetts 015 01 9522920615 Somerset Hospitality LLC 
102 Newbury Street Danvers Massachusetts 01923 6177703722 ASHISH SANGANI 
4 Fisher Street Foxboro Massachusetts 02035 6177703722 Giri Foxboro LLC 
400 Russell Street Hadley Massachusetts 01035  Hadley Hospitality, LLC 
259 Main Street Hyannis Massachusetts 02601 5087757000 AARIA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
24 Beaver Street Milford Massachusetts  01757 4237856091 Jay Siya Ram, LLC 
164 Washington St. Plainville Massachusetts 02762  SHREEJI REALTY, LLC 
1374 North Main Street Randolph Massachusetts 02368 5084271667 JITEN HOTEL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
85 American Legion Hwy. Revere Massachusetts 02151 6178619009 Bell Circle Associates, LLC 
850 Hingham St. Rockland Massachusetts 02370 5083390800 GIBRALTAR HOTEL CORPORATION 
83 Hall Road Sturbridge Massachusetts 01566 6462482221 LNL HOSPITALITY, LLC 
106 Capital Drive West Springfield Massach usetts 01089 5088522800 NATAVER, INC. 
425 Industrial Drive Adrian Michigan 49221 4195344234 LENAWEE HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3600 Enterprise Drive Allen Park Michigan 48101 2487552922 ALLEN PARK HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1565 North Opdyke Road Auburn Hills Michigan 48326 2484067101 Keystone Auburn Hills, LLC 
501 Saginaw Street Bay City Michigan 48708 248 9049413 BAY CITY HOSPITALITY MANAGEMENT, INC 
1825 Meadowbrook Benton Harbor Michigan 49022  2016681537 ALPINE HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
11911 Dixie Hwy Birch Run Michigan 48415 15619972325 Janus Hotels and Resorts Inc 
1650 S Mitchell Street Cadillac Michigan 496 01 2318524848 Lake Mitchell Hospitality Inc. 
5730 North Haggerty Road Canton Michigan 48187  7349812440 CANTON FIELDS HOTEL, INC. 
1302 E. Packard Hwy. Charlotte Michigan 48813 6166514939 DDD, INC. 
1645 Commerce Park Dr. Chelsea Michigan 48118 2487552922 Chelsea Hospitality Group, LLC 
6874 Sashabaw Road Clarkston Michigan 48348 0000 Sahabaw Hotel Group, LLC 
1145 W Maple Road Clawson Michigan 48017 2487983828 CLAWSON LODGING, INC. 
350 Dodge Street Comstock Park Michigan 49321 6163611896 350 DODGE OP, LLC 
20061 Michigan Ave. Dearborn Mi chigan 48124 242 8633970 DEARBORN HOSPITA LITY INVESTMENT, LLC 
1999 E. Jefferson Ave. Detroit Michigan 48207 2487983828 DETROIT REGENCY HOTEL, LLC 
9742 Woodlane Drive Dimondale Michigan 488 21 9894444455 GR NORTH HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3600 Ludington Street Esc anaba Michigan 49829 90678696 30 ESCANABA HOTEL LLC 
30715 W. Twelve Mile Rd. Farmington Hills Michigan 48334 2486131348 MAA VENTURES, INC. 
17800 Silver Parkway Fenton Michigan 48430 2242430040 RATI, LLC 
831 West Main Street Gaylord Michigan 49735  9897329722 Alpine Village Hospitality, LLC 
1359 Grand Pointe Court Grand Blanc Michigan 48439 2489961600 GRAND LODGING, INC. 
4155 28th St., S.E. Grand Rapi ds Michigan 49512  6169572080 GRAND RAPIDS AFG, LLC 
7644 Caterpillar Court Grand Rapids Michigan 49548 9315267125 NANU T. PATEL ET AL 
4520 Kenowa Ave SW Grandville Michigan 49418  GRANDVILLE INN, INC. 
1565 N. Stephenson Ave. Iron Mountai n Michigan 49801 0 MGPAN, INC. 

2435 Shirley Dr. Jackson Michig an 49202 51761 02417 Hillsdale Hospitality Associates Inc. 
1550 E. Kilgore Road Kalamazoo Michigan  49001 26934 47774 BAY HOTEL GROOP, LLC 
525 N. Canal Road Lansing Michigan 48917 5096630654 LANSING SRL, LLC 
5323 West US Highway 10 Ludington Michigan 49431 2318437575 FERWERDA GROUP, LLC 
611 S. Huron Ave. Mackinaw City Michigan  49701 6164367541 JADE ENTERPRISES INC 
617 E. Lakeshore Drive Manistique Michigan 49854 9063416981 GOLDTHORPE ENTERPRISES, INC. 
2463 US 41 W. Marquette Michigan 49855 9062251225 WESTWOOD OF MARQUETTE, INC. 
2424 S. Mission Street Mount Pleasant Michigan 48858  PETER DUMON 
E 9388 East Munising Ave Munising Michigan 49862 9546556001 Munising Lodging, Inc. 
2187 University Park Drive Okemos Michigan  48864 2487552922 Okemos CI Lodging, LLC 
153 Ampey Road Paw Paw Michigan 49079 6168935519 GZG PAW PAW, LP 
622 Allegan Street Plainwell Michigan 49080  2318524848 PLAINWELL HOSPITALITY INC. 
1720 Hancock Street Port Huro n Michigan 48060 248 4767949 SURYA HOSPIT ALITY INVESTMENT LLC 
31800 Wick Rd. Romulus Mi chigan 48174 248 7552922 ABK Hosp itality, LLC 
5180 Cardinal Square Boulevard Saginaw Michigan 48604 (269) 924-8265 Tri-Lakes Hospitality LLC 
4404 I-75 Bus. Spu
r Sault Sainte Marie Michigan 49783 9066351118 SOO HOTEL, INC. 
1755 Phoenix Street South Haven Michigan 49090 2693527303 Dream Connect LLC 
24977 Northwestern Hwy Southfield Michigan  48076 (248) 836-8205 10 EVERGREEN, LLC 
18950 Northline Rd Southgate Michig an 48195 7346788988 RAMRAJ, INC. 
2633 W. Marquette Woods Road Stevensville Michigan 49127 2694280808 JAY GANESH, INC 
6778 Telegraph Rd. Taylo
r Michigan 48180 2490000000000 BEST STAY TAYLOR, INC. 
460 Munson Ave. US HWY 31 Traverse City Michigan 49686 2315901586 TC 61 Suites LLC 
7001 Convention Blvd Warren Michigan 48092 248 2814168 VAN DYKE HOSPITALITY, INC 
8258 Arnt Blvd Watervliet Michigan 49098 2012539898 All City Hospitality LLC 
2822 Durham Road Whitehall Michigan 49461 2490000000000 HORIZON WHITEHALL, LLC 
28049 Wixom Rd. Wixom Michigan 48393 734-612-4558 WIXOM WELCOME, LLC 
810 Happy Trails Ln. Albert Lea Minnesota 56007 3073991290 DC HOTELS, LLC 
1321 E. 78th St. Bloomington Mi nnesota 55425 2183242762 INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT,LLC 
2200 Freeway Blvd Brooklyn Cente
r Minnesota 55430 000-000-0000 Minn Hotels, LLC 
3900 W. Superior St. Duluth Minnesota 55807 2187223925 DULUTH LODGING, INC. 
3450 Washington D
r Eagan Minnesota 55122 612-275-8396 Pilot Knob Hotel Group, LLC 
425 Western Ave. Fergus Falls Minnesota 56537 7152359651 KRISH HOSPTIALITY, LLC 
2000 Commerce Drive Mankato Minnesota 56003  NORTH MANKATO HOSPITALITY, LLC 
8570 Rock Ridge Drive Mountain Iron Minnesota 557 68 3205292831 MOUNTAIN IRON HOSPITALITY LLC 
970 Helena Avenue North Oakdale Minnesota 55128 76342 10321 IGO Legacy Hotel Group Oakdale, LLC 
2345 43rd St NW Owatonna Minnesota 550 60 5074515480 SAI HOSPITALITY LLC 
3000 Harbor Lane Plymouth Minnesota 55447 9529329987 SANDMAN MOTELS, LLC 
6440 US 10 West Ramsey Minnesota 55303 ( 612) 750-8008 Riverview Lodging, Inc. 
7320 Airport View Dr. SW Rocheste
r Minnesota 55902 6084122555 CLT Hotels, Inc 
2005 Commerce Drive,  NW Rocheste r Minnesota 55901 6053480600 ROCHESTER CI&S, LLC 
511 S. Marschall Road Shakopee Minnesota 553 79 8479517879 Gayatri Hospitality, LLC 
3505 Vadnais Center Drive Vadnais Heights Minnesot a 55110 9529329987 Vadnais Heights Hotel Group, LLC 
1447 Prairie Drive Worthington Minnesota 56187  4144217601 WORTHINGTON HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
441 Covenant Drive Batesville Mississippi 38606 9545946864 ONYX Batesville Hotel 3 LLC 
12009 Indian River Road Biloxi Mississippi 39540 2284660444 RIAAN, LLC 

14001 Big Ridge Road Biloxi Mississippi 
39532-
8974 2288180300 HAN HANH INVESTMENT, LLC 
5010 Hampstead Blvd Clinton Mississippi 390 56 6622892271 HM HOSPITALITY, INC. 
129 Brickerton Street Columbus Mississippi 397 01 2703663626 Shriji Baron Columbus LLC 
121 Hospitality Drive Flowood Mississipp i 39232 601-937-0302 YOGI FLOWOOD, LLC 
2008 Highway 82 West Greenwood Mississippi 389 30 662-466-1613 SHRIJI  HOSPITALITY, INC. 
255 SW Frontage Road Grenada Mississippi 38901 9018304243 SHRI, LLC 
9379 Canal Road Gulfport Mississippi 39503 8323334262 GULFPORT HOSPTALITY MANAGEMENT, LLC 
9121 US Hwy 49 Gulfport Mississippi 39503 6062712218 Jay & Malisha, LLC 
122 Plaza Dr. Hattiesburg Mississippi 39402 6786971442 JAI GURUDEV LLC 
801 Desoto Cove Horn Lake Mississippi 38637 6624028282 NIRALI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2001 Veterans Boulevard Mccomb Mississippi 39648 0 KSD, INC 
701 Bonita Lakes Drive Meridian Mississippi 39301 601-693-9393 INNMERIDIAN, INC. 
6801 SR 63 N. Moss Point Mississippi 39563 (228) 623-6900 S&S Lodging LLC 
6860 Goodman Road Olive Branch Mississippi 38654 9012372684 Om Sri Sai Inc 
6921 Parkwood Drive Olive Branch Mississipp i 38654 66234258 47 DEEPAK (DANNY)  PATEL 
1226 Phillips Lane Pearl Mississippi 39208 6019324226 VISHAL INC. 
7075 Moore Drive Southaven Mississippi 386 71 2543961660  SOUTHAVEN HOTELS, LLC 
1532 McCullough Blvd Tupelo Mississippi 38804 (662) 574-9695 LeeB2, LLC 
1064 Carter Cove Tupelo Mississippi 38804 (731) 298-1900 MEHUL PATEL, ET AL. 
100 Berryman Road Vicksburg Mississippi 391 80 601-937-0302 YOGI VICKSBURG, LLC 
2451 Tower Drive Bolivar Missouri 65613 5153862464 SVJ1 BOLIVAR, LLC 
203 S. Wildwood Drive Branson Missouri 65616  4173394024 MYER HOSPITALITY, INC. 
5150 Gretna Road Branson Missouri 65616 4173341894 CARROLL AND JANICE MYER 
11225 Lone Eagle Dr. Bridgeton Missouri 63044  AIRPORT HOSPITALITY LLC 
18375 Chesterfield Arpt. Rd. Chesterfield Missouri 63005 8658056021 Sai R LLC 
250 Business 36 Chillicothe Missouri 64601  (573) 221-2340 EHRHARDT'S MACON,LLC 
1010 W Business Loop 70 Columbia Missouri 65202 5043557536 Mayank Patel 
1303 Veterans Blvd. Festus Missouri 63028 6369372888 GANNON'S OF FESTUS INC 
12522 S US 71 Hwy Grandview Missouri 64030 8166285111 ANS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
4000 Market Street Hannibal Miss ouri 63401 5734060300 RAMA, INC. 
2304 South Commercial Street Harrisonville Missouri 64701 (816) 585-4884 H.V. Hotel Investment LLC 
7133 Douglas Palmer Place Hazelwood Missouri 63042 6466910060 JAY AMBE HOSPITALITY MO LLC 
19751 E. Valley View Parkway Independence Missouri 64057 (925) 858-3124 ZENITH ASSET COMPANY, LLC 
2904 Old Orchard Road Jackson Missour i 63755 61835 16611 OLD HORIZON INC 
4804 Country Club Drive Jefferson City Missouri 651 09 5736347440 PERRY-WINKLE HOSPITALITY, INC. 
3240 Broadway Kansas City Missouri 
64111-
2426 3163045324 Dhaku Chokha, LLC 
7300 NE Parvin Road Kansas City Missouri 64117 (785) 554-6700 SHREE RAM MANAGEMENT, INC. 
8200 N. Church Rd. Kansas City Missouri 64158 2246593999 Meera Hotel LLC 
400 S. Platte Clay Way Kearney Missouri 64060 ( 816) 628-2288 NORTH KANSAS CITY MANAGEMENT, INC. 
3701 N.E. Ralph Powell Rd Lees Summit Missouri 64064 4058209832 CHAMPAK PATEL 
963 SE Oldham Parkway Lees Summit Missouri 64081 4058209832 BRDD, LLC 
1821 N. Missouri St Macon Missouri 
63552-
1973 (573) 221-2340 EHRHARDT'S MACON, LLC 

1356 West College Avenue Marshall Missouri 65340 (505) 307-2614 MARSHALL OPERATION, LLC 
1801 W Outer Road Moberly Missouri 65270 8042965546 MOBERLY HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
150 E 19th St Mountain Grove Missouri 657 11 4179269223 THOMPSON LODGING LLC 
8170 Veterans Memorial Pkwy O Fallon Missouri 63366 3055056293 RAMA, LLC 
1320 Thornton St. Pacific Missour i 63069 6362574600  ABP CORPORATION 
2582 N. Westwood Blvd Poplar Bluff Miss ouri 63901 0 OZARK HOTEL ASSOCIATES, LLC 
1650 Old Wire Outer Rd. Rolla Missour i 65401 73456 03169 REEVA HOTEL, LLC 
1400 S. Fifth Street Saint Charles Miss ouri 63301 3145023994 RP Hospitality LLC 
2625 Lafayette Ave Saint Louis Missouri 
63104-
2011 636-288-7374 Serenity Hospitality Group, L.L.C., 
12031 Lackland Rd. Saint Louis Missouri 63146 2126352200 MNJ, INC. 
3654 S. Lindbergh Blvd. Saint Louis Missouri 63127 3148035310 BRENTWOOD HOTELS, LLC 
103 Comfort Inn Drive Saint Robert Missouri 65584 5733363553 EHRHARDT'S LEBANON, LLS 
3600 West Broadway Sedalia Missouri 653 01 (660) 829-5050 YELTON INN, LLC 
109 Matthews Lane Sikeston Missouri 63801 6189318808 SAM AND OM CORPORATION 
2815 North Glenstone Ave Springfield Missouri 65803  6602699700 EAST SPRINGFIELD HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
3776 S Glenstone Avenue Springfield Missouri 65804 4178480901 JAMES RIVER INNS, LLC 
736 South Service Road Sullivan Missouri 63080 6362574600 AKSHAR LLC 
609 East Russell Ave Warrensburg Missouri 64093 (660) 829-5050 YELTON INNS, LLC, III 
1204 E.Main Street Willow Springs Miss ouri 65793 4178474196 ASHA & ROHIT PATEL 
4908 Southgate Drive Billings Montana 59101 (701) 772-4422 NORTHRIDGE HOLDINGS, LLC 
1370 N. 7th Ave. Bozeman Montana 59715  4065872322 OAK ST REET PARTNERSHIP 
2515 Catamount Street Bozeman Montana 59718 4083355339 Montana Hotel Group LLC 
1120 9th Street  S. Great Falls Montana 59405 8165477446 OZZY LLC 
1801 Market Place Drive Great Falls Montana 59404 5202191856 PHOENIX VENTURES INN, LLP 
3180 N. Washington Street Helena Montan a 59602 7017936584 Helena CI Hotel, LLC 
1515 W Park Street Livingston Montana 590 47 8018145959 Shri Ganesh Yellowstone LLC 
1021 East Broadway Mi ssoula Montana 59802 505 3281375 CLARK FORK HOTEL INVESTORS, LLC 
4805 North Reserve Street Missoula Montan a 59808 8059284425 WARREN MISSOULA, LLC 
455 McKinley Shelby Montana 59474 7017936584 Shelby CI Hotel, LLC 
2105 Pratt Avenue Bellevue Nebraska 68123 (402) 617-2250 Bellevue Lodging, LLC 
315 Platte River Drive Gothenburg Nebraska 69138 3086327510 TJ 2010 Corporation 
3535 W. State St. Grand Island Nebraska 68803 1-435-650-0347 NEELKANTH HOSPITALITY, LLC 
228 Lake Street Grand Island Nebraska 68801 (605) 337-2394 GRAND ISLAND HOTEL, LLC 
2903 Osborne Drive West Ha stings Nebraska 68901 40221305 78 M2VP INVESTMENT, LLC 
118 3rd Avenue Kearney Nebraska 68847 30823759 71 MID-PLAINS HOSPITALITY GROUP, INC. 
8121 Eastport Parkway La Vista Nebraska 68128 3034084535 J MARCLI HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
2810 Plum Creek Pkwy. Lexington Nebraska 
68850-
5627 3085323090 WILKINSO N DEVELOPMENT, INC. 
1010 West Bond Street Lincoln Nebraska 68521 4027305995 LAKSHMI, INC. 
331 North Cotner Lincoln Nebraska 685 05 4023258800 SAI PROPERTIES, INC. 
4231 Industrial Ave. Lincoln Nebraska 
68504-
1118 402-601-1009 Shree Hanuman Properties L.L.C. 
2809 Halligan Drive North Platte Nebraska 69101 5034767070 Saphire Properties LLC 
501 Stagecoach Trail Ogallala Nebra ska 69153 0 SOMESHWAR MOTEL, LLC 

7007 Grover Street Omaha Nebraska 68106 4020000000000 GROVER STREET ACQUISITION, LLC 
10729 J Street Omaha Nebraska 68127 2039709972 YBR Properties Omaha, LLC 
10503 Bedford Avenue Omaha Nebraska 68134 ( 435) 256-5719 Korner Store Properties LLC 
2500 S. 192nd Avenue Omaha Nebraska 68130 4023258800 SAI PROPERTIES II, INC. 
825 Hoffies Drive Sidney Nebraska 69162 (405) 242-2522 LOVE'S HOSPITALITY, LLC 
101 S. Main St. Valentine Nebraska 69201 3076894733 KHAN HOLDINGS NEBRASKA, LLC 
521 E. Front St Battle Mountain Nevada 898 20 530-870-2638 Incline Hospitality, LLC 
2970 Idaho St. Elko Nevada 89801 7753882121 B.J.C.R., LLC 
1830 W. Williams Ave. Fallon Nevada 894 06 09162764300 DANA HOTEL LODGING, LLC 
800 Mesa Drive Fernley Nevada 89408 7758674136 FALCON PEAK PROPERTIES, LLC 
475 Marks Street Henderson Nevada 89014 7027371312 MARKS / SANDHURST, LLC 
4375 E. Craig Road Las Vegas Nevada 89115 7025914482 UB Hospitality LLC 
1250 East Plumb Lane Reno Nevada 89502 7757221131 BAINS MOTELS, INC 
890 N. Main Street Tonopah Nevada 89049 917-693-6688 ARJ HOSPITALITY LLC 
71 Hall St. Concord 
New 
Hampshire 03301 6032264100 TH E DUPREY COMPANY, L.L.C. 
10 Hotel Dr. Dover 
New 
Hampshire 03820 5086767888 DOVER HOSPITALITY, LLC 
298 Queen City Avenue Manchester 
New 
Hampshire 03102 (603) 344-2703 288 QUEEN CITY HOTEL, LLC 
2001 White Mountain Hwy North Conway 
New 
Hampshire 03860 6033568811 MOTEL NORTH CONWAY, INC. 
342 East White Horse Pike Absecon New Jers ey 08205 6093340154 CS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1275 Route 1 and 9 South Avenel New Jersey 07001 ROYAL INDEPENDENCE I, INC 
1009 US Highway 206 Bordentown New Jersey 08505 (203) 435-5661 Vishu Pia LLC 
634 Soders Road Carneys Point New Jersey 08069 8562971197 634 SODERS, LLC 
555 Old Bridge Turnpike East Brunswick New Je rsey 08816 8482186840 PNJ HOSPITALITY LLC 
725 River Rd. Edgewater New Jersey 07020 2017417458 BINGHAMTON  MOTOR INN, INC. 
831 Route 1 South Edison New Jersey 08817 732 8035787 EDISON HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
350 Century Parkway Mount Laurel New Jersey 080 54 856-577-7512 Mount Laurel Hospitality LLC 
98 Frelinghuysen Ave Newark New Jersey 07114 0 BRICK CITY HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1348 McCarter Hwy Newark New Jersey 07104 8454262000 RIYA HOTELS, LLC 
2880 US Route 1 North North Brunswick New Je rsey 08902 8562356400 537 Maple Hotel, LLC 
50 N. Route 17 Paramus New Jersey 07652 9085286823 PARAMUS INN LLC LLC 
255 Davidson Avenue Somerset New Jersey 08873 7325814379 JAY LAXMI VISHNU, LLC 
1000 Laurel Oak Road Voorhees Township New Jersey 08043 8563942330 Neel Parikh 
2024 Route 541 Westampton New Jersey  08060 856-979-7881 VASP HOSPITALITY LLC 
1801 Yale Boulevard Southeast Albuquerque New Mexico 87106 3256586594 JM HOSPITALITY, LLC 
5811 Signal Ave. N.E. Albuquerque New Mexi co 87113 5053855792 ASHA INVESTMENTS, LLC 
5251 San Antonio Drive NE Albuquerque New Mexico 87109 (817) 483-2381 BUFFALO SAN ANTONIO, LLC 
1401 Woodward Road SE Albuquerque New Mexico 87106 5058797613 SUNPORT PARK HOSPITALITY, LLC 
115 North 26th Street Artesia New Mexi co 88210 5052711288 SHREEJI, INC. 
623 Phoenix Court Aztec New Mexico 87410 5106843495 Jay Holding Group, LLC 
2600 West Pierce St Carlsbad  New Mexico 88220 9184927811 BURTON HO TEL OF CARLSBAD LLC 
4521 N Prince St. Clovis New Mexico 88101 5052356858 Premier Hospitality Clovis LLC 
1010 West Pine Street Deming New Mexico 88030 704-292-6256 AG Hotels, LLC 

8 Marietta Court Edgewo od New Mexico 87015 50523 59018 ASPIRE HOTELS, LLC 
1951 Cortland Drive Farmington Ne w Mexico 87401 50547 47531 DONALD HOWA RD AND BEENA HOWARD 
1440 West Maloney Avenue Gallup New Mexico 87301 8186750061 Epic Hospitality LLC 
3940 East Highway 66 Gallup New Mexico 87301 5058797613 HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
2708 West Scenic Drive Hobbs New Mexico 88240 5052711288 HEMAL PATEL ET AL 
1300 Avenida de Mesilla Las Cruces New Mexico 88005 (515) 420-9097 Mesilla LLC 
2101 S. Triviz Drive Las Cruces New Mexico 88001 8586797300 KRUCES, LLC 
236 N Telshor Blvd. Las Cruces New Mexico 88011 5052385531 AISHA-N HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2500 N. Grand Ave. Las Vegas New Mexico  87701 7149908800 GRAND HOSPITALITY, LLC 
400 Wabash St. Lordsburg New Mexico 88045 5055249626 RASHMIKANT BHAKTA 
1202 North Main Avenue Lovington New Mexico  88260 5757047318 ARMAAN HOSPITALITY, LLC 
223 West 2nd Street Portales New Mexico 88130 5057633439 AMBIENCE HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3610 North Main Street Roswell New Mexi co 88201 60261 63297 AVS HOSPITALITY LLC 
2709 Sudderth Dr. Ruidoso New Mexico 88345 552207625 Relic Hem-Ami, Inc 
4312 Cerrillos Rd. Santa Fe New Mexico 87507 5054739004 PINTU PATEL, ET AL. 
2524 Historic Route 66 Santa Rosa New Mexico  88435 505-417-7606 SANTA ROSA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1060 E. US Hwy 180 Silver City New Mexico 88061 5054143036 SONA HOTEL GROUP, INC. 
1259 Frontage Rd. NW Socorro New Mexico 87801 5058384400 GANESH CORP. 
2205 N. Date St. 
Truth Or 
Consequences New Mexico 87901  PRAMUKH HOSPITALITY, INC. 
1 Flint Road Amherst New York 14226 7165315386 HRB HOTELS, INC. 
7662 Route 434 Apalachin New York 13732  VIKRAMJIT ANAND AND KULDIP SINGH 
1000 Upper Front Street Binghamton New York 13905 5166434162 SHREE HARI HOLDINGS LLC 
7-11 Peach Lake Road Brewster New York 10509 2033539855 AHANA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2477 Third Avenue Bronx New York 10451  JITEN, LLC 
150 20th Street Brooklyn New York 11232 9172388893 150 20TH MANAGEMENT LLC 
4345 Genesee Street Buffalo New York 14225 7168540060 8297 Group, LLC 
99 Miller Road Castleton New York 12033 6173080213 Greenbush Lodging, LLC 
100 Estrada Road Central Valley New York 10917 9176427845 AEONN LLC 
6026 Route 96 Farmington New York 14425 5857420180 DR HOSPITALITY, LLC 
835 Route 52 Fishkill New York 12524  M & T HOTEL CORP. 
37 Route 9W Glenmont New York 12077 5184721360 MR FANSI, INC. 
3615 Commerce Place Hamburg New York 
14075-
3638 8144508924 CAMBRI DGE HOSPITALITY, LLC 
132-15 150th Avenue Jamaica New York 11430 7327621191 JFK Nassau, LLC 
569 Harry L Drive Johnson City New York 13790 848-248-6074 JSK Lakes LLC 
4054 RT 9L Lake George New York 12845  HELI IP, LLC 
401 7th North St. Liverpool New York 13088  OM SAI GAYATRI, INC. 
3979 Route 31 Liverpool New York 13090 315-842-0888 NISTHA, INC. 
60-30 Maurice Avenue Maspeth New York 11378 7196363385 NEIL HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2695 Route 112 Medford New York 117 63 5167210790 2695 Medford, LLC 
11591 Maple Ridge Road Medina New York 14103 585.798.6777 Medina Hospitality, LLC 
4470 State Highway 28 Milford New York 13807 5853448882 
Hum Hospitality, Inc, COOP Lodging, LLC, & Bluewater Hotels, 
LLC 
548 West 48th Street New York New York 10036 3463720068 548 W 48 LLC 

1 Prospect Pointe Niagara Falls New York 14303 7162846835 MAID OF THE MIST HOSPITALITY, LLC 
6115 Niagara Falls Blvd Niagara Falls New York 14304 7168542700 6115 NIAGARA FALLS BOULEVARD, LLC 
411 State Route 3 Plattsburgh New York 
12901-
6520 5185622730 CHRISTOPHE R'S RESTAURANT, INC. 
2085 Hylan Dr. Rochester New York 14623  CNI THL OPS, LLC 
17 Old Gick Road Saratoga Springs New York 12866 5188580345 MAHA LAXMI II CORP. 
2790 RT 32 Saugerties New York 12477 5784495181 DHANSUKHBHAI PATEL ET AL 
168 Sacandaga Road Schenectady New York 12302 5183485276 GOKUL HOSPITALITY, LLC 
310 Wild Avenue Staten Island New York 10314 718-846-7443 310 Wild, LLC 
24 Oak Drive Syosset New York 11791 5169211111 GOLDCREST, LLC 
7010 Interstate Island Rd. Syracuse New Yo rk 13209 31543 65907 C.I. PROPERTIES, INC. 
6491 Thompson Rd. Syracuse New York 13206 7249962073 Waraich Group Syracuse LLC 
5394 Willow Place Verona New York 13478 315.231.9844 Willow Hospitality LLC 
110 Commerce Park Drive Watertown New York 13601 3156715960 WATERBERRY LODGING COMPANY 
10151 N Main Street Archdale North Caroli na 27263 3368824103 MKP Hotel Corporation 
1113 E Dixie Drive Asheboro No rth Carolina 27203 25297404 39 EAST COAST HO SPITALITY LLC 
1435 Tunnel Road Asheville North Caroli na 28805 8282984000 HP HOSPITALITY, LLC 
15 Crowell Rd. Asheville North Carolina 28806  SMOKY PARK HOSPITALITY, INC 
890 Brevard Rd. Asheville North Carolina 28806 828-713-7180 EMINENT CAPITAL, LLC 
1184 Highway 105 Boone North Carolina 28607 828-302-2270 HOSPITALITY GROUP OF BOONE, INC 
2228 Asheville Hwy Brevard North Carolina 287 12 8282318980 Brevard Hospitality, LLC 
350 Ashville Avenue Cary North Carolina 27518  2523218780 GLENNON BITTAN INVESTMENTS, LLC 
5822 Westpark Dr. Charlotte North Ca rolina 28217  9197577462 EPKON, LLC 
7735 University City Blvd Charlotte North Ca rolina 28213 828-302-2270 UNCC HOSPITALITY, LLC 
7315 Smith Corners Blvd Charlotte North Carolina 28269 0 BNV INVESTMENT II, LLC 
761 Enterprise Dr. Clayton North Carolina  27520 8037436456 SANT HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1412 Sunset Ave. Clinton North Carolina  28328 9109772995 Gupta and Bakri LLC 
1607 Fairgrove Church Road Conover North Carolina 28613 9105364510 Fairgrove Inn Inc 
19521 Liverpool Pkwy. Cornelius North Carolina 28031 8037299054 AJAY PATEL ET AL 
131 Bud Hawkins Rd. Dunn North Carolina 28334 2522342900 DISHA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3508 Mt. Moriah Road Durham North Carolina 27707 6462507736 Havelock Hospitality LLC 
1816 Hillandale Road Durham  North Carolina  27705 80393 16393 RUXMAYA, INC. 
306 S. Hughes Blvd. Elizabeth City North Carolina 279 09 3014746200 COAKLEY & WILLIAMS HOTEL MANAGEMENT CO 
1922 Skibo Rd. Fayetteville North Carolina 28314  4073176950 BARCLAY HOSPITA LITY SERVICES, INC. 
1569 Jim Johnson Rd Fayetteville North Carolina 28312  7578971755 PROGRESSI VE HOSPITALITY, INC 
15 Rockwood Rd. Fletcher North Carolina 28732 8284891168 Ravin Traders 
7616 Purfoy Road Fuquay Varina North Carolina 27526 9197219802 OM SAI HOTELS, LLC 
126 Cleveland Crossing Drive Garner North Carolina 27529 9197731110 MM SHIVAH, LLC 
1874 Remount Rd. Gastonia North Carolina 28054  GASTONIA HOTEL OPCO, LLC 
1103 Lanada Road Greensboro North Carolina 27407 3364716242 SAHIL HOSPITALITY, INC 
504 Hickory Ridge Drive Greensboro North Carolina 27409 2019045111 MSM HOTELS LLC 
3212 South Memorial Drive Greenville North Carolina 27834 2038090617 Shri Hari Carolina LLC 
14510 Boulder Park Drive Huntersville North Carolina 28078  SUDHA INVESTMENT INC OF HUNTERSVILLE 
16905 Caldwell Creek Drive Huntersville North Carolina 
28078-
8073 828-302-2270 HUNTERSVILLE SUITES, LLC 

130 Workshop Ln. Jacksonville North Carolina 28546 3362077607 Bholebaba, Inc 
1601 S. Virginia Dare Trail Kill Devil Hills North Carolina 27948 7574731700 JRS PARTNERS, LLC 
106 Holiday Inn Drive Kings Mountain North Carolina  28086 7046748348 SHIVAM  KINGS MOUNTAIN, INC. 
1699 US Highway 401 Bypass Laurinburg  North Carolina 28352  2672425070 FEEL GOOD HOSPITALITY PNC, LLC 
970 Blowing Rock Blvd. NE Lenoi
r North Carolina 28645 828-302-2270 Lenoir Hospitality, LLC 
1525 Cotton Grove Road Lexington North Caro lina 27292 9807224326 1525 Lexington Inc 
3610 Dawn Drive Lumberton North Carolina 283 60 (910) 978-8504 Lumberton Hotels 2 LLC 
215 Wintergreen Drive Lumberton North Carolina 283 58 9107398800 VYSHAMIN OF  NORTH CAROLINA, INC. 
3282 Soco Rd. Maggie Valley North Carolina 28751 7042877274 DAHI INC 
178 US 70 West Marion North Carolina 287 52 828 421 6988 BOBBY (BHAVIN) PATEL ET. AL. 
167 J.F. Robinson Lane Mars Hill North Carolina  28754 8283985888 OMKAR OF MARS HILL, LLC 
1718 Windsor Crossing Drive Matthews North Carolina 28105 7042839600 DINESH PATEL 
629 Madison Road Mocksville North Carolina 27028 3367512189 MY HOTEL, LLC 
1273 Burkemont Avenue Morganton North Carolina 28655 8284304000 SIGNA HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
1293 Newsome St. Mount Airy North Carolina  27030 7046505026 HIRA PROPERTIES, INC. 
8031 Old Oregon Inlet Road Nags Head North Ca rolina 27959 7574731700 DARE HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1006 Old Cherry Point New Bern North Carolina 28560 2523550086 LEXMI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1000 Martin Luther King Jr. 
Avenue Oxford North Carolina 27565 7042770612 AMRATIA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
9801 US 15-501 Pinehurst North Carolina 28374 9194555949 SHRI PINEHURST, LLC 
10415 Centrum Parkway Pineville North Carolina 28134  7046885250 WELCOME HOTELS OF PINEVILLE, INC. 
1001 Wake Towne Dr Raleigh North Carolina 27609 9807224326 LHG Raleigh Inc. 
1309 Corporation Pkwy. Raleigh North Carolina  27610 (919) 610-7930 OAK HOSPITALITY LLC 
1040 E. Innes St. Salisbury North Carolina 281 44 3362856416 LRP HOTELS OF SALISBURY, LLC 
1891 Bragg Street Sanford North Carolina 27330 3367783800 SHRI  LAXMIMA, L.L.C. 
2012 East Marion Street Shelby North Caro lina 28150 9803226681 SEGEN GROUP, LLC 
170 S. Equity  Drive Smithfield North Caroli na 27577 9106306090 EXCELL HOSPITALITY, INC. 
4963 Southport Supply Rd. Southport North Carolina 28461 5404652623 GATEWAY HOSPITALITY SOUTHPORT LLC 
115 Lake Ave Spring Lake North Carolina 28390 9807224326 115 SPRINGLAKE INC. 
1214 Greenland Dr. Statesvill e North Carolina 286 77 7045986833 GREEN LAND SYSTEMS, LLC 
1235 E. Main Street Sylva North Carolina  28779 7709045223 SYLVA HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
895 Lake Road Thomasville North Carolina  27360 4105301711 ZADS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1102 Sedalia Crossing Lane Whitsett North Carolina 27377 3364207796 WHITSETT HOTELS, INC 
151 S. College Rd. Wilmington North Carolina 28403 252-876-8687 Port City Partners NC, LLC 
6415 Southern Village Drive Wilson North Caro lina 27896 919-750-4046 ENA95 Properties, LLC 
200 Capitol Lodging Ct. Winston-Salem North Carolina 27103 8037299052 JAY BHOLE, LLC 
929 Gateway Ave. Bismarck North Dakota 58503 5126773149 ND Hospitality LLC 
493 Elks Dr. Dickinson North Dakota 58601 6129445700 WINDSOR MOTEL, LTD 
4417 23rd Avenue South Fargo North Dakota 58104 214 7744650 Supreme Bright North Dakota VII LLC 
811 20th St. S.W. Jamestown North Dakota 
58401-
6132  CNI THL PROPCO FE, LLC 
1516 27th St. NW Mandan North Dakota 58554 7016401371 Mandan Hotel Group, LLC 
601 22nd Avenue SW Minot North Dakota 58701 7012403220 GILL CORPORATION 
600 3rd Avenue SW Watford City North Dakota 58854 6053480600 RAYCO DEVELOPMENT, INC 
1025 Interstate Pkwy Akron Ohio 44312 3303530893 Shree Radha Krishna Partnership, LTD 

2222 Quality Dr. Alliance Ohio 44601 9375995555 Alliance DM, Inc 
260 Northview Bellefontaine Ohio 43311 908 4773072 BELLEFONTAINE LODGING, INC. 
855 Comfort Plaza Dr. Bellville Ohio 44813 7132408161 AARUP HOTELS LLC 
4810 TR 366 Berlin Ohio 44610 3306747400 RSM Managment Ltd 
4640 Creek Road Blue Ash Ohio 45242 8592795900 Sunrise Hotels LLC 
1464 Town Center Boulevard Brunswick Ohio 44212 330-763-3553 TDR Holdings LLC, 
44380 West Hills Lane Caldwell Ohio 43724 7407327599 JUDD LORI, ET. AL. 
5345 Broadmoor Circle, NW Canton Ohio 44709  3015923915 CANTON HOTEL HOLDINGS, INC. 
4421 Aicholtz Rd Cincinnati Ohio 
45245-
1527 3478543306 CHISTI MANAGEMENT, LLC 
9011 Fields Ertel Rd. Cincinnati Ohio 45249 5138081654 N&S Hotels LLC 
130 W. Mitchell Avenue Cincinnati Ohio 45217 9373862511 AARYA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2347 Reading Road Cincinnati Ohio 45202  2347 READING ROAD LLC 
1800 Euclid Ave. Cleveland Ohio 44115 2164962478 1800 EUCLID HOSPITALITY GROUP LLC 
8400 Lyra Drive Columbus Ohio 43240  92CICOLUMBUS, LLC 
5547 Keim Circle Columbus Ohio 43228 0 DWARIKA, INC. 
5944 Scarborough Blvd. Columbus Ohio 43232 9378901221 SHIV SHAKTI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1690 Clara St Columbus Ohio 43211  TROY HOTEL ASSOCIATES, INC 
70 Chris Perry Lane Columbus Ohio 43213 8593511060 Krish Hospitality LLC 
1521 North Cassady Avenue Columbus Ohio 432 19 6145861001 Shiv Ji Hospitality, LLC 
160 Montrose West Avenue Copley Ohio 44321 7347764371 Mitesh Patel 
1420 Main Street Cuyahoga Falls Ohio 44221 3303530893 Shree Dutta Partnership, LTD 
7907 Brandt Pike Dayton Ohio 45424 937 2377477 BHULI HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
9305 N. Main St. Dayton Ohio 45415  9378369400 SHANTI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3661 Maxton Rd Dayton Oh io 45414 859 7795778 RAINMAKER HOLDINGS IX, LLC 
5220 Huberville Avenue Dayton Ohio 45431 7402893000 JAY MAHALAXMI, LTD 
1120 Gateway Place Dover Ohio 44622 0 TROYER CORP 
730 East Xenia Drive Fairborn Ohio 45324 513 4821999 INNOVATION HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
3700 Speedway Drive Findlay Ohio 45840  5306685932 AMANS HOSPITALITY, INC. 
840 Sean Dr. Fremont Ohio 43420 419-348-5440 FREMONT HOTEL CORP. 
4197 Marlane Dr. Grove City Ohio 43123 9315267125 BLISSFUL CORPORATION 
4200 Gantz Road Grove City Ohio 43123 7149906867 PRESTIGE HOTELS, LLC 
953 Edison Street, NW Hartville Ohio 44632  TROYER CORP 
773 Hebron Road Heath Ohio 43056 6148553120 SNS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
140 N. Main St. Huron Ohio 44839 4194338000 Lodging LLC 
6191 Quarry Ln. Independence Ohio 44131 21624106 56 PIETRO PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
202 Cherry Tree Lane Marietta Ohio 45750 8482486034 SLNM Lodging, LLC 
256 Jamesway Marion Ohio 43302 7402481966 Manav LLC 
1081 Lydia Drive Marysville Ohio 43040 0 SUNRISE MARYSVILLE LLC 
5457 Kings Center Drive Mason Ohio 45040  5136162712 SHIHASI KINGS MILL LIMITED 
1702 Toll Gate Drive Maumee Ohio 43537  SHREE SHIV, LLC 
1426 S. Reynolds Rd. Maumee Ohio  43537 419 8932800 VIKASH CORP 
1421 Golden Gate Blvd. Mayfield Heights Ohio 44124 2167980589 PORT HOSPITALITY LLC 
42 Prestige Plaza Dr. Miamisburg Ohio 45342 9374038989 SMSJ Hospitality, LLC 
17550 Rosbough Dr. Middleburg Heights Ohio 44130  CHAMPAKBHAI PATEL 

6575 Terhune Drive Middletown Ohio 45044 4059470953 SUKETU PATEL 
1102 Glen Drive Millersburg Ohio 44654 330 6747075 RS MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC 
150 Howard St. Mount Vernon Ohio 43050 3308561259 SUPAJ, INC. 
590 Bonaparte Drive Napoleon Ohio 43545  4197844900 BHAVANI HOSPITALITY, INC. 
415 Milan Avenue Norwalk Ohio 44857 5095158778 King Kim Corporation 
2930 Navarre Ave. Oregon Ohio 43616 2488852926 NAVARRE LODGING, INC. 
5056 College Corner Pike Oxford Ohio 45056 6103577618 OXFORD HOSPITALITY, LLC 
7581 Auburn Road Painesvi lle Ohio 44077 4405790300 LAKE HO SPITALITY, INC. 
27450 Helen Drive Perrysburg Ohio 43551 4073528700 PERRYSBURG HOTELS LLC 
1800 Hill Road North Pickerington Ohio 43147 6145861001 FAIRFIELD HOSPITALITY, INC 
7525 US 23 Piketon Ohio 45661 3185271733 OM NA MHSHIVAY, LLC 
987 E. Ash St. Piqua Ohio 45356 5132581652 TITAN HOSPITALITY, LLC 
4860 Brecksville Road Richfield Ohio 44286 33054991 90 5145 Corporation 
52509 National Road East Saint Clairsville Ohio 43950 7406953378 DIWALI, INC. 
5909 Milan Rd. Sandusky Ohio 44870 942000000000000 CARMELO RUTA, INC. 
11160 Dowlin Dr. Sharonville Ohio 45241 (513) 771-9080 Jai Shakti, LLC 
2940 County Road 144 South Point Ohio 45680 6063250776 MADHU, LLC 
121 Raydo Circle Springfield Ohio 45506 9373220107 HSAK PROPERTIES, LLC 
9172 Market Square Dr. Streetsboro Ohio 44241 4405036446 BVM HOSPITALITY, INC. 
19 Weller Drive Tipp City Ohio 45371 6148432078 Shree Hari Hotel, LLC 
5865 Hagman Rd Toledo Ohio 43612 6302914733 Vision Hotels Company 
1800 Towne Park Drive Troy Ohio 45373 9375708787 UPENDRA PATEL 
2716 Creekside Drive Twinsburg Ohio 44087 216 9706599 TWINSBURG HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
840 N. Washington St Van Wert Ohio 458 91 4192031174 VALAM HOSPITALITY, INC 
5 Park Center Drive Wadsworth Ohio 44281 3303366684 PARK CENTER LODGING, LLC 
5944 West Chester Rd. West Cheste
r Ohio 45069 9376034483 GREENE MANAGEMENT CORP. 
965 Dover Road Wooste r Ohio 44691 4164540782 Ranjit Singh Randhawa et al 
201 Perni Lane Youngstown Ohio 44505 9088220300 LIBERTY - BELMONT PROPERTIES, LLC 
725 Zane Street Zanesville Ohio 43701  RIZZK LODGING, LLC 
1278 East Oklahoma Blvd Alva Oklahoma 73717 5734430055 KJ HOTEL PROPERTIES, LLC 
1502 S Mississippi Ave Atoka Oklahoma 74525 4082093666 B&B HOSPITALITY, INC. 
774 S Lynn Riggs Blvd. Claremore Oklahoma 74017  7073107354 Om Sairam Hospitality, Inc. 
2802 South Main Street Elk City Oklahoma 
73644-
9760 5803039100 ELK CITY LODGING LLC 
297 S Harrah Rd. Harrah Oklahoma 73045 9188451106 HARRAH CH, LLC 
400 SE Lincoln Road Idabel Oklahoma 74745  9039497724 IDABEL HOSPITALITY INC 
12119 North Casper Street Jenks Oklahoma 74037 (918) 619-2829 MHP HOTEL, LLC 
201 SE Interstate Drive Lawton Oklahoma 73501  9728691576 NEW VISION HOSPITALITY, LLC 
650 S. George Nigh Expy McAlester Oklahoma 745 01 5809240001 MCALESTER HOSPITALITY, INC. 
509 Henley St Miami Oklahoma 74354 (510) 3 78-0850 Sarina Hospitality & Management, Inc 
1401 N. Moore Avenue Moore Oklahoma 73160 5807481114 RKC Hotels, LLC 
3031 Military Blvd Muskogee Oklahoma 74402 9186879000 Shani Hotels, LLC 
2337 N. Main Street Newcastle Oklahoma 73065 4052225800 GULABBEN, LLC 
840 Copperfield Drive Norman Oklahoma 73072 4058209832 CHAMPAK B. PATEL 
4800 S. I-35 Service Road Oklahoma City Oklahom a 73129 (405) 590-4120 KAL HOSPITALITY, LLC 

5921 SW 8th Oklahoma City Oklahoma 731 28 4059434400 RKG INVESTMENTS LLC 
7601 C.A. Henderson Boulevard Oklahoma City Oklahoma 73139 7012351060 HERITAGE INN OF OKLAHOMA, INC 
1809 E Reno Avenue Oklahoma City Oklahoma 73117 4052025292 M9 INVESTMENTS, LLC 
13520 Plaza Terrace Oklahoma City Oklahoma 73120 405-514-1714 Shiv Investments LLC 
4220 West I-40 Service Road Oklahoma City Oklahoma 73108 4059434400 MANHAR PATEL & BHARTI PATEL 
1100 S. Meridian Oklahoma City Oklahoma 73108 4058209832 MARUTI PROPERTIES LLC 
7551 N. Owasso Expressway Owasso Oklahoma 74055  KAMINI PATEL, ET. AL. 
103 S. Humphrey Boulevard Pauls Valley Oklahoma 73075 (469) 268-8534 High Life Investor Group LLC 
3112 W. Fir Street Perry Oklahoma 73077 (580) 234-3142 JAI SAIBABA ENTERPRISES, LLC 
3101 N. 14th Street Ponca City Oklahoma 74604 9137643773 SHIRCONN INVESTMENTS INC 
4530 E. Skelly Drive Tulsa Oklahoma 74135 0 TULSA SKELLY HOTEL, LLC 
6101 State Highway 66 Tulsa Oklahoma 74131 559-903-1728 Daljit Singh and Surinder Kau
r 
9010 E. 71st Street Tulsa Oklahoma 74133 (562) 599-9511 Trivia Hospitality LLC 
8039 E. 33rd Street South Tulsa Oklahoma 74145  (562) 599-9511 Riverstone Hospitality LLC 
2930 Williams Avenue Woodward Oklahoma 73801  5807481114 KINGSLY HOSPITALITY, LLC 
11424 NW 4th Street Yukon Oklahoma 73099 4054782554 BHARANTI, INC. 
100 Opal Court NE Albany Oregon 97322  RIDDHI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
434 S. Valley View Road Ashland Oregon 97520 (805) 928-4425 PEAR LAND, LLC 
13455 SW Tualatin Valley Hwy Beaverton Oregon 97005 3606960411 DEKHA PROSPERITY, LLC 
15929 SE McKinley Ave Clackamas Oregon 
97015-
9452 5308851800 TERI KIRPA, LLC 
1730 NW 9th Street Corvallis Oregon 97330 EDEL FAMILY, LP 
247 Melton Road Creswell Oregon 97426  5032123900 PLISKA INVESTMENTS LLC 
3060 E 25th Ave Eugene Oregon 97403 5413424804 ALKO 201, LLC 
77514 South Highway 207 Hermiston Oregon 97838  PLISKA INVESTMENTS, LLC 
2500 South Sixth Street Klamath Falls Or egon 97601 5303278826 Madaan Hotels Inc. 
136 NE Highway 101 Lincoln City Oregon 97367 5038870280 LINCOLN HOTEL PARTNERS LLC 
2520 SE Stratus Avenue McMinnville Oregon 97128 5038888018 Param McMinnville, LLC 
2280 Biddle Road Medford Oregon 97504 5413267710 Sai Baba LLC 
60 East Stewart Ave. Medford Oregon 97501 9167174223 PACIFIC STATES HOSPITALITY, LLC 
531 SW Fall Street Newport Oregon 973 65 5624033555 GKM HOSPITALITY, LLC 
11340 SW 60th Ave. Portland Oregon 97219 50352403 30 RAMESH DAYAL AND LALITA DAYAL, ET AL 
12010 N.E. Airport Way Portland Oregon 972 20 5034766050 PDX Hospitality, LLC 
2243 SW Yew Ave. Redmond Oregon 97756  TREECE, LLC 
1539 NW Mulholland Dr. Roseburg Oregon 97470  FARAZE TU, LLC 
1775 Freeway Ct NE Salem Oregon 97301 5035880515 SHREE LAXMI NARAYAN, INC 
630 Hawthorne SE Salem Oregon 97301 2069301759 OHANA CAPITAL, LLC 
969 Kruse Way Springfield Oregon 97477 5417465359 TALOS, LLC 
351 Lone Pine Drive The Dalles Oregon 97058 3608285020 AMSHE HOLDINGS, LLC 
10830 SW Greenburg Road Tigard Oregon 97223 5037835222 BHGAH WA SQ, LLC 
1000 Northwest Graham Road Troutdale Oregon 97060 5037835222 TROUTDALE HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
7640 SW Warm Springs Street Tualatin Oregon 970 62 5038870280 TUALATIN HOTEL PARTNERS, LLC 
7625 Imperial Way Allentown Pennsylvania 18106 6104424387 HILLWOOD HOTEL, LLC 
140 Stroehman Drive Altoona Pennsylvania 16601 8146931800 DANE SAGER 
1252 Morea Road Barnesville Pennsylvania 182 14 5707391764 MOUNTAIN BEAUTY GROUP, LLC 

4300 State Route 51 South Belle Vernon Pennsylvania 15012 4129630600 LADANI UKANI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2160 Motel Dr Bethlehem Pennsylvania 18018 609-209-1629 DC Hotels Allentown, LLC 
120 W. Third St. Bethlehem Pennsylvania 18015 61069 26700 SOUTHSIDE BETHLEHEM HOTEL ASSOCIATES, LP 
120 Plaza Drive Bloomsburg Pennsylvania 17815 6102911985 BLPA ASSOCIATES, LLC 
1 Comfort Lane Butle r Pennsylvania 16001 7067387473  BUTLER HOSPITALITY, INC. 
100 Bar South Drive Camp Hill Pennsylvania 17011 7177617801 ERFORD ROAD OPERATING COMPANY, LLC 
77 Shady Lane Carlisle Pennsylvania 17013 8142342700 HOTEL OPERATIONS, LLC 
10 S. Hanover Street Carlisle Pennsylvania 17013 6106926700 CARLISLE HOSPITALITY LP 
3648 Olde Scotland Road Chambersburg Pennsylva nia 17202 7175528191 EKTA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1300 Providence Ave Cheste
r Pennsylvania 19013 9172265714 KAIRALI ENTERPRISE LLC 
3903 Abel Drive Columbia Pennsylvania 17512 7179513968 MRS DEVELOPERS, LLC 
325 North First Street Connellsville Pennsylva nia 15425 4122879395 TRAILSIDE LODGING, LP 
750 Aten Rd. Coraopolis Pennsylvania 15108 4127161970 VIJAY, INC. 
1 Denver Road Denve
r Pennsylvania 17517 2019446350 EPHRATA MOTEL PARTNERS 
10 Lakeside Avenue Dubois Pennsylvania 158 01 8143715800 P. JOSEPH VALIGORSKI, II 
130 Patchway Road Duncansville Pennsylvania 16635  8146931800 HOSS'S MOTEL MANAGEMENT, INC. 
1226 O'Neill Highway Dunmore Pennsylvania 18512  7707732886 DUNMORE HOSPITALITY GROUP INC 
111 Cook Rd. Ebensburg Pennsylvania 15931 7046580445 RICHLAND LODGING ASSOCIATES INC 
1007 Market Place Drive Edinboro Pennsylva nia 16412 8147867901 GS PROPERTIES LLC 
8051 Peach St. Erie Pennsylvania 16509 0 SCOTT'S INN - 19, INC. 
3041 West 12th Street Erie Pennsylvania 16505 8148331116 SCHWAB HOTEL CORPORATION 
2779 Lincoln Highway Feasterville Trevose Pennsyl vania 19053 8454262000 VIHAR MANAGEMENT, LLC 
812 Route 41 Gap Pennsylvania 17527 717-468-8309 JAI JALIYAN, LLC 
945 Baltimore Pike Gettysburg Pennsylva nia 17325 717-579-6256 JAYJYOTI INC 
1110 Baltimore Pike Glen Mills Pennsylvania 19342 8567418401 NHB AI, LLC 
1001 Briarsdale Road Harrisburg Pennsylvania 171 09 5704494015 DREAM WORLD HOSPITALITY, LLC 
7500 Allentown Blvd Harrisburg Pennsylvania 17112 8564084314 Prayosha Hospitality Inc 
245 Easton Rd. Horsham Pennsylvania 19044 6465265209 IHM HORSHAM LLC 
320 Milroy Road Hummelstown Pennsylvania 17036 516-996-6806 Aashvi Hospitality LLC 
100 S. 4th Street Huntingdon Pennsylvania 16652 8146931800 HUNTINGDON HOSPITALITY INC. 
455 Theatre Dr. Johnstown Pennsylvania 15904 4122606123 SNA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
117 Twin Rocks Road Lake Ariel Pennsylvania 18436 5706985821 JOHN T. HOWE INC 
24 S. Willowdale Drive Lancaste
r Pennsylvania 17602 (717) 471 1698 BM HOSPITALITY, INC 
2343 Lincoln Highway East Lancaste r Pennsylvania 17602 7174711698  44 LANCASTER ASSOCIATES, LLC 
4775 West Branch Highway Lewisburg Pennsylva nia 17837 5705248000 C.C. Holdings, LLC 
543 Champ Blvd Manheim Pennsylvania 17545 7178982926 THE CHAMP GROUP, INC. 
924 Sheraton Drive Mars Pennsylva nia 16046 3307013338 KIERTAN INC 
1012 Wesley Drive Mechanicsburg Pennsylvania 17055 2402856690 N.T. MANAGEMENT, INC. 
1589 West Harrisburg Pike Middletown Pennsyl vania 17057 7174392812 LINDEN CENTRE, LLC 
1523 Old Brodhead Rd Monaca Pennsylvani a 15061 0 FORZA MONACA A, INC. 
2731 Mosside Blvd. Monroeville Pennsylvani a 15146 3103500919 SATYAM INVESTMENTS, LLC 
3189 Route 940 Mount Pocono Pennsylvania 18344  5708399282 POCONO SUITE HOSPITALITY, LTD 
626 W. Main St. New Holland Pennsylvania 
17557-
9211 7173973535 New Holland Inn Inc 
433 Suedberg Road Pine Grove Pennsylvania 17963 7177616448 H J R ENTERPRISES INC 

4770 Steubenville Pike Pittsburgh Pennsylvania 15205 4127161970 PK & AJ ENTERPRISES, INC. 
699 Rodi Road Pittsburgh Pennsylvania 15235 4122441600 M SALEEM, M TANVIR PARTNERS 
180 Gamma Drive Pittsburgh Pennsylvania 15238 41296 30600 MILLENNIUM HOSPITA LITY ENTERPRISE, LLC 
1100 Banksville Rd. Pittsburgh Pennsylvania 15216 4129994455 GOKUL SAI I, INC. 
820 East Ohio Street Pittsburgh Penns ylvania 15212 412-586-8074 ARRAKIS LLC 
1600 Industrial Highway Pottstown Pennsylvania 19464 4432354736 Amit Patel, Rajat Bhalla, et. al. 
2160 Elmira Street Sayre Pennsylvania 18840 5704662088 ARTHUR W. AND DONALD L. SHERWOOD 
44 Montage Mountain Rd. Scranton Pennsylvania 185 07 2159061906 MONTAGE MO UNTAIN HOSPITALITY, LLC 
202 Harmon Street Somerset Pennsylvania 155 01 2019446350 SOMERSET MOTEL PARTNERS 
132 Village Dr. State College Pennsylvania 
16803-
2923 8142377757 HFL CORPORATION 
5 North Eaton Road Tunkhannock Pennsylvania 186 57 5704662088 SUSQUEHANNA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
675 West Main Street Uniontown Pennsylvani a 15401 7243216808 UNION HOSPITALITY, INC., 
237 Meadowlands Blvd Washington Pennsylvania 
15301-
8902 4129630600 JSKLD HOSPITALITY ENTERPRISE, LLC 
58 State Route 93 West Hazleton  Pennsylvania 18202 8562284040 HAZELTON HOSPITALITY PA, INC. 
Route 940 at 1-80 and I-476 White Haven Penns ylvania 18661 5704438461 SHREE GOPINATH, LLC 
1067 Wilkes Barre Township Wilkes-Barre Pennsylva nia 18702 9108409839 Courteous Hospitality IV, LLC 
1959 East 3rd Street Williamsport Pennsylvani a 17701 5703871196 THREE B HOSPITALITY, LLC 
635 Spring St. Wyomissing Pennsylvania 19610 4432354736 Rams Hotel Group LLC 
2250 N. George St. York Pennsylvania 17406 2159722227 YRPA Associates, LLC 
10 Keyes Ways West Warwick Rhode Island 02893 2404726768 Warwick LLC 
118 Interstate Blvd. Anderson South Caroli na 29621 8643750037 RCR ANDERSON, L.L.C. 
131 Big John Rd. Beaufort South Carolina 29906 BALAJI, LLC 
436 McNulty Street Blythewood S outh Carolina 29016 8037472677 Veera Hospitality SC LLC 
220 Wall Street Camden South Carolina 29020 0 JAY AMBA MA, INC. 
2470 Prospect Dr Charleston South Ca rolina 29406 8437473672 Astha Group LLC 
2080 Savannah Highway Charleston South Ca rolina 29407 8432664173 HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1305 Tiger Blvd. Clemson South Carolina 29631 40730296 68 GDG INVESTMENTS, LLC 
12865 Hwy 56 North Clinton South Carolina 29325  CLINTON ENTERPRISES, LLC 
7337 Garner's Ferry Rd. Columbia South Carolina 
29209-
2110 8034777575 GF HOTELS LLC 
911 Bush River Road Columbia South Carolina  29210 8037985101 TULIP DEVELOPMENTS, INC. 
750 Saturn Pkwy Columbia South Carolina  29212 8036299950 DURGA INVESTMENTS, LLC 
1540 Daulton Drive Columbia South Carolina 29223 7046889977 SHREE HARI HOSPITALITY COLUMBIA, LLC 
2480 E  Highway 501 Conway South Carolina 
29526-
9527 8434977028 COASTAL CA ROLINA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
527 Woody Jones Blvd. Florence South Carolina 29501 8437992306 CENTERFLO HOTEL, LLC 
2120 West Lucas Street Flor ence South Carolina 29501 8436674630 SUPERIOR HOTELS INC 
3725 Avenue Of The Carolinas Fort Mill South Carolina 29708 7042589458 WELCOME HOTELS OF FORT MILL INC. 
246 Congaree Road Greenville South Carolina 29607 8039316393 LAXMIMAYA, INC 
1371 Garlington Road Greenville South Carolina 29615 7047999929 DIAMOND JUBILEE PELHAM, LLC 
110 Birchtree Drive Greenwood South Carolina 29649 8642295329 KIRTAN HOSPITALITY INC 
1315 West Wade Hampton Blvd. Greer South Carolina 29650 0 JAYALAXMI CORPORATION 
196 Patriots Point Rd Mount Pleasant South Caro lina 29464 828-302-2270 Hospitality South, LLC 
1130 Hungryneck Blvd. Mount Pleasant South Ca rolina 29464 7325470400 JAI SAI CORPORATION 

710 Frontage Road East Myrtle Beach South Ca rolina 29577 8439952785 BEST HOSPITALITY, LLC 
4715 Saul White Blvd North Charleston South Carolina 29418 8437473672 MAITRI GROUP, LLC 
3801 Hwy 17 S North Myrtle Beach South Carolina 29582 8432360102 PHBN, LLC 
746 Citadel Road Orangeburg South Carolina 29118  YOGESH OF ORANGEBURG, LLC 
10 Kalyns Way Piedmont South Carolina 29673 7062835483 SHAKTI CORPORATION OF GEORGIA, INC. 
973 Corporate Blvd. Rock Hill South Carolina  29730 8033293121 SIDDHI ENTERPRISE, LLC 
1323 Old Springdale Road Rock Hill South Carolina 29730 8039801250 OM SHREE, LLC 
221 Britain Street Santee S outh Carolina 29142 0 LUXURY HOLDING OF SANTEE, LLC 
3971 Grandview Drive Simpsonville South Carolina 29680 
864-706-9686 
(Vinny) VIREN PATEL & JASWANT JINDAL 
154 Candlenut Lane Spartanburg South Caro lina 29316 5644311940 DHIRUBHAI PATEL 
458 West Blackstock Road Spartanburg South Ca rolina 29301 8648597520 BLACKSTOCK HOTEL LLC 
1025 Jockey Court Summerville South Carolina 29483 8434191101 MC Suite, Inc 
1005 Jockey Ct. Summerville Sout h Carolina 29483 843 4191101 FLOWERTOWN  ASSOCIATES, INC. 
2500 Broad Street Sumter South Carolina 
29150-
1851 8034690500 SHARP GLAN CY PROPERTIES, L.L.C. 
97 Downs Lane Walterboro South Carolina 29488 8102875151 SitaRam LLC 
929 25th Avenue Brookings South Da kota 57006 6056903723 SND, L.L.C 
339 W. Mt. Rushmore Road Custer South Dakota 57730  MIKPAT, LLC 
225 Cliff Street Deadwood South Dakota 57732 509-793-4164 Deadwood Land Company  BHCI LLC 
12454 Old Hill City Road Hill City South Dakota 57745 3858811215 Monument Lodging LLC 
321 Swanzey Street Keystone South Dakota 57751 6056664417 RUSHMORE HOLIDAYS INC. 
2020 Highland Way Mitchell South Dakota 57301 6057705333 JEFFREY KRALL 
915 Fairmont Blvd. Rapid City South Dakota 57701 JR INVESTMENTS, LLC 
1720 Rapp Street Rapid City South Da kota 57701 6053420691 CHRISBRO INC. 
1333 North Elk Vale Road Rapid City Sout h Dakota 57703 6053906373 SODACO, INC. 
3721 W. Avera Drive Sioux Falls South Dakota 57108 (701) 772-4422 MOGEN HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3900 North Hercules Avenue Sioux Falls South Da kota 57107 5073835130 MinnKota Hospitality LLC 
3208 S. Carolyn Ave. Sioux Falls South Dakota 
57106-
0727 5152017839 3208 Carolyn Ave, LLC 
611 W 23rd Street Yankton South Dakota 57078 7129435079 EAST EIGHT LLC 
140 Cusick Rd. Alcoa Tennessee 37701 4693586984 RIDDHI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
400 Collins Park Drive Antioch Tennessee 37013 9315888919 SAI AEKTA LLC 
2811 Decatur Pike Athens Tennessee 37303 4233719070 GAJANAND, LLC 
10772 Hwy 51 S. Atoka Tennessee 38004 909 2874049 Almighty Hospitality, LLC 
111 Penn Warren Drive Brentwood Tennessee 37027 6152025430 V & A Partnership 
120 Sunny Hill Cove Brownsville Tennessee 38012 7317342676 SAYONA PARTNERSHIP 
6710 Ringgold Rd. Chattanooga Tennessee 37412 912-592-4909 Kamalaamrut Hotel LLC 
3117 Parker Lane Chattanooga Tennessee 37419 7316764222 BW Brentwood Inc. 
2341 Shallowford Village Dr. Chattanooga Tennessee 37421 8653865730 MHG2, LLC 
2420 Williams Street Chattanooga Tennessee 
37408-
2925 4234245699 LOOKOUT HI, LLC 
115 Fairbrook Place Clarksville Tennessee 37040 9315888919 Sai Shiv Sagar LLC 
1551 Bear Creek Pike Columbia Tennessee 38401 9315050550 INDRA LLC 
1045 Interstate Drive Cookeville Tennessee 38501 6154807846 JAY RAM EAGLE LLC 
1035 Interstate Drive Cookeville Tennessee 38501 6154807846 JAY RAM PUTNAM LLC 

2427 N. Germantown Pkwy. Cordova Tennes see 38018 0 AMBE HOSPITALITY INC. 
2581 E. First Street Crossville Tennessee 385 55 7066256500 Cumberland Hotels Group LLC 
2650 Rhea County Hwy. Dayton Tennessee 37321  VAN METER HOTELS, LLC 
1085 East Christie Drive Dickson Tennesse e 37055 6157401000 JV HOSPITALITY, LLC 
7120 S Springs Drive Franklin Tennessee 
37067-
1615 615-497-4796 Aram Associates, LLC 
4202 Franklin Common Court Franklin Tennessee 370 67 6154247809 SHRI GANESH CORPORATION 
1468-A Tulip Poplar Drive Gallatin Tennessee 370 66 (412) 559-2718 AAESURATI Properties, LLC 
321 Reagan Drive Gatlinburg Tennessee 37738 8284216683 Milestone 3 LLC 
621 Rivergate Parkway Goodlettsville T ennessee 37072 6159576803 Om Sai 9 LLC 
1867 South Roane Street Harriman Tennessee 37748 865-300-3627 SHASHIKANT PATEL ET AL 
40 International Cove Jackson Tennessee 38305 (731) 298-1900 Haywood Hospitality, LLC 
61 Casey Jones Lane Jackson Tennessee 38305 7316643030 BHADRESH PATEL & MEHUL PATEL 
3118 Browns Mill Road Johnson City Tennessee 37604 8443650127 SHIVA HOSPITALITY, LLC 
4624 Fairlane Dr. Kingsport Tennessee 37663 4237991010 OM KINGSPORT LLC 
3005 Bay Meadow Place Kingsport Tennessee 37660 4235711987 MAGAN PATEL ET AL 
7737 Kingston Pike Knoxville Tennessee 37919 8656900034 SUMEET BAKSHI 
811 North Campbell Station Road Knoxville Tennessee 37932 8659385500 KRUPA ASSOCIATES 
7230 Region Lane Knoxville Tennessee 37914 8657714677 Ria Hospitality LLC 
5466 Central Ave Pike Knoxville Tennesse e 37912 8653420373 PRIT ASSOCIATES, GP 
161 West Dumplin Valley Rd Kodak Tennessee 37764 865-405-6425 TCH Knoxville LLC 
904 Murfreesboro Road Lebanon Tennessee 37090 6154441001 SREE RADHA KRISHNA LLC 
150 Interchange Park Lane Lenoir City Tennessee 37772 8659888880 SACHCHIDANAND FAMILY, INC. 
152 Hospitality Boulevard Manche ster Tennessee 37355 8655390588 MANCHESTER HOTEL PARTNERS, LLC 
100 N. Front St. Memphis Tennessee 38103 901 5260583 PILOT HOUSE MOTOR INNS, INC. 
3005 Millbranch Road Memphis Tennessee 38116 2108871906 NIMESH A. PATEL 
4225 American Way Memphis Tennessee 381 18 9013554917 Kriya Krishna, LLC 
6010 Macon Cove Road Memphis Tennessee 38134 7312257831 NEXTGEN LEGACY, LLC 
7950 Centennial Drive Memphis Tennessee 38125  9013840010 7950 Centennial Partners, LLC 
600 Red Ink Drive Mount Juliet Tennessee 37122 6158898940 S D J, LLC 
226 North Thompson Lane Murfreesboro Tennesse e 37129 6158829220 ATUL GORDHAN ET. AL. 
2460 Music Valley Drive Nashville Tennessee 37214 6154461923 OPRY INVESTMENT, INC. 
303 Interstate Dr. Nashville Tennessee 37213 61524466 90 CONTINENTAL INNS OF AMERICA STADIUM, LLC 
412 White Bridge Place Nashville Tennes see 37209 6153560888 CNC HOTELS INC 
1501 Demonbreun Street Nashville Tennessee 37203 6153905432 SUPERVISORY SERVICES PARTNERSHIP 
627 Old Hickory Boulevard Nashville Tennessee 37209  ORO HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2521 Elm Hill Pike Nashville Tennessee 37214 6154912070 Jayantibhai Patel 
3431 Percy Priest Dr. Nashville Tennessee 37214 6154791600 FOX HOSPITALITY, INC 
433 S. Rutgers Ave. Oak Ridge Tennessee 37830 8657714677 Ria Hospitality LLC 
3712 Parkway Pigeon Forge Tennessee 37863 8654294494 M.L.M HOSPITALITY GROUP LP 
335 Howard Baker Highway Pioneer Tennessee 37847 6155624941 AYERS L.P. 
7585 Barnett Way Powell Tennessee 37849 8659385500 KISNA ASSOCIATES 
128 James Richardson Lane Rogersville Tennesse e 37857 0 ROGERSVILLE DEVELOPMENT, LLC 
3001 Highwood Blvd Smyrna Tennessee 37167 6153643003 H & P SMYRNA, LLC 
140 Maiden Lane White House Tennessee 37188 6156727000 HD HOSPITALITY, LLC 

6350 Directors Parkway Abilene Texas 79606 2543668684 Ambika Abilene Hospitality, LLC 
1902 East Overland Trail Abilene Texas 79601 9173406116 B B HOTELS INC. 
3225 South Danville Drive Abilene Texas 796 05 3256953330 PLAINS  HOSPITALITY, INC. 
400 Village Park Drive Alvarado Texas 76009  MORK HOTEL GROUP, LP 
2300 Soncy Road Amarillo Texas 79124  806-676-0176 ROSE OSAGE HOTELS, LP 
2101 I-40 East Amarillo Texas 79102 8063765911 DEVINDRA INVESTMENTS INC 
1100 S. Main Street Andrews Texa s 79714 4325244800 SAI Andrews LLC 
411 W. Road to Six Flags Arlington Texas 76011 7074296000 TPC ARLINGTON, LLC 
700 Delmar Ave Austin Texas 78752 28149 30444 PRAYOGI, LLC 
13681 N. US Highway 183 Austin Texas 
78750-
2209 8305833535 ALLEGIANCE HOSPITALITY, LLC 
7501 E. Ben White Blvd. Austin Texas 78741  AVISTA PROPERTIES XVII, LLC 
5001 S IH 35 Austin Texas 78744 9792609150 DBG AUSTIN HOTEL TWO, LLC 
4019 S.  Belt Line Road Balch Springs Texas 75181 2402529173 GMEC Balch Springs LLC 
505 Agnes Street Bastrop Texas 78602 2142784808 Madhav Capital, LLC 
5100 7th Street Bay City Texas 77414 8326773247 LONE STAR HOTELS, LLC 
7209 Garth Rd Baytown Texas 77521 4846827975 PM Prosperity LLC 
5955 Walden Road Beaumont Texas 77707 4092912956 ARKS HOSPITALITY, INC. 
2201 Northwest Frontage Road Beeville Texas 78102 8064015899 Beeville Enterprise LLC 
235 West Loop 121 Belton Texas 76513 254-799-0244 Haveli Hotels, LLC 
8004 Winbrook Drive Benbrook Texas 76126 0 DITWIN LLC 
1109 Aylesford Street Big Spring Texas 79720 3256503303 RAJENDRA PATEL AND BHAVIKKUMAR SHAH 
35000 IH-10 West Boerne Texas 78006 VANGUARD HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2350 S. Day Street Brenham Texa s 77833 8326928095 VARNIRAJ, LLC 
15295 S IH-35 Buda Texas 78610 2034855115 TXHP BUDA 1 OPCO, L.L.C. 
810 S. Water Street Burnet Texas 78611 5123965665 MAHADEV, LLC 
1419 N. US Highway 67 Cedar Hill Texas 75104 7607783699 Cedar Hill Hospitality, LLC 
900 Arrow Point Drive Cedar Park Texas 78613 9567024880 KARMA BUILDERS, LLC 
15813 2nd Street Channelview Texas 77530 0 CHANNELVIEW JOINT VENTURE, LLC 
1004 Hwy 59 South Cleveland Texas 77327 2818069790 Denera, Inc. 
907 University Drive E. College Statio n Texas 77840 8324522414 MACSTAT, LP 
2313 Texas Avenue South College Station Texas 77840 3615524511 AMERICAN TAITX, LLC 
1115 League Line Rd. Conroe Texas 
77303-
1446 2143959398 PPAC Corporation 
1506 Interstate 45 South Conroe Texas 77304 832-729-6263 Murti Hotels, Inc 
1816 Martin Luther King Jr. Copperas Cove  Texas 76522 31872859 85 AUM GAYATRI, LLC 
8111 S. I-35 East Corinth Corinth Texas 76210 2093276144 CVS Hospitality LLC 
538 South Padre Island Drive Corpus Christi Texas 78405 4692237317 NUECES HOSPITALITY, LP 
1814 Ennis Joslin Rd Corpus Christi Texas 78412 (775) 530-5652 JBNETFIVE CORPORATION 
1946 E. Hwy 31 Corsicana Texas 75110  9012196097 SAAKHI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
617 Las Palmas Cotulla Texas 78014 8062562111 STAR LODGING, LTD 
7138 N. Stemmons Fwy Dallas Texas 75247 2144612677 STEMMONS MARKET CENTER, LLC 
7815-A Lyndon B. Johnson Freew Dallas Texas 75251 9096434634 JAI KHODIYAR HOTEL, LLC 
11069 Composite Drive Dallas Texas 75229 6062712218 Vivek & Jay TX LLC 
13900 Parkside Center Blvd. Dallas Texas 75244 3617395384 PARKSIDE HOTELS, LLC 

1521 Inwood Road Dallas Texas 75247 2149051400 Prity Investments, Inc 
13165 North Central Expressway Dallas Texas 75243 9016529290 Sai 75 Hospitality LLC 
2287 W. Northwest Highway Dallas Texas 75220 8314445420 OM GANESHA LLC 
4275 DFW Turnpike/IH-30 Dallas Texas 75211 2144984908 Seva, Ltd 
1501 Center St. Deer Park Texas 775 36 2819308888  SAYONA VENTURES, LP 
4050 Mesa Drive Denton Texas 76207  9403831681 AAKASH ENTERPRISE, LLC 
1211 E. Wintergreen Rd. Desoto Texas 75115 9722644002 DALLAS DE SOTO HOSPITALITY, LLC 
495 W. Expressway 83 Donna Texas 78537 956- 661-0800 CRICKET INV., LTD 
402 South Texas Drive Eagle Pass Texas 78852 8307731933 EAGLE PASS LODGING, INC 
204 Early Boulevard Early Texas 76802 2547233607 PH ASSOCIATES LLC 
4001 Closner Business 281 Edinburg Texas 785 39 9562400189 BINNING  HOSPITALITY, LLC 
6645 Gateway West El Paso Texas 79925 9158429535 MANIR HOTEL OPERATIONS, LP 
5034 N. Desert Blvd El Paso Texas 79912 91558505 75 BAPA SITARAM, L.L.C. 
1940 Airway Blvd. El Paso Texas 79925 2035453623 7 HILLS EL PASO, LLC 
400 South I-45 Ennis Texas 75119 2147636427 MAHAJYOTI, LLC 
1803 W. Airport Freeway Euless Texas 76040 0 Lihas, Inc 
3101 W.Dickinson Blvd Fort Stockton Texas 79735  4323363224 NSKJR HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
6455 Old Denton Road Fort Worth Texas 76131 8177150161 WINDWOOD HOTELS, INC. 
3751 Tanacross Dr. Fort Worth Texas 76137  9725670435 Baytown Joint Venture, LLC 
5825 Quebec Street Fort Worth Texas 76135 2142267500 TARAF HOSPITALITY, LLC 
723 S. Washington Street Fredericksburg Texa s 78624 6509485767 BPL ENTERPRISES, INC. 
4220 Preston Road Frisco Texas 75034 4086211751 LNR JOINT VENTURE, INC 
14700 TX-121 Frisco Texas 75035 6062712218 Jay & Vivek MS LLC 
9700 Dallas Parkway Frisco Texas 75034 9726681118 WC PLAZA HOTEL, LP 
1715 N. Interstate 35 Gainesville Texas 76240 8043376610 Sai Gainesville LLC 
2818 Avenue R 1/2 Galveston Texas 77550 4095991642 Guru Ramdass Corporation 
3606 89th Street Galveston Texas 77554  4097419977 CHAUHAN PROPERTIES, INC. 
111 N Highway 36 Gatesville Texas 76528 2547233607 VANSH HOTEL LLC 
11 Waters Edge Circle Georgetown Texas 78626 4058209832 Sh iv Hotel, LLC, Sunny Hotels, LLC, Ramji Krupa, L.L.C. 
903 Harbor Lakes Drive Granbury Texas 76048 2144762494 N & V Hospitality Granbury, LLC 
702 Paddock Way Drive Grand Prairie Texas 75050 0 DITWIN II, LLC 
1805 Enchanted Way Grapevine Texas 76051 2147744650 SUPREME BRIGHT GRAPEVINE IV, LLC 
2005 Center Point Lane Greenville Texas 75402 9012405890 CENTER POINT LODGING, INC. 
12323 Katy Freeway Houston Texas 770 79 7208105009  NIRAJ DESAI ET AL 
11050 Southwest Freeway Houst on Texas 77074 22523 50718 SMARTMOVE HOTEL INVESTMENT, LLC 
3555 FM 1960 West Houston Texas 77068  7606170800 Mahantraj Houston LLC 
6687 Southwest Freeway Houston Texas 77074 ( 516) 342-9840 MOONSTONE HOSPITALITY, INC. 
220 Greens Landing Drive Houston Texas 
77038-
2642 4042005699 Top Hospitality LLC 
17617 North Freeway Houston Texas 77090 612-735-4965 Amrit INN LLC 
15555 John F. Kennedy Blvd. Houston Texas 77032 2532229757 Beeone #4 LLC 
21222 Tomball Pkwy. Houston Texas 77070 4808894803 WEST WIND HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2830 Wilcrest Dr. Houston Texas 77042 8324898884 JALA SHIV, LLC 
11440 Clay Road, Building A Houston Texas 77041 6097743170 Patel Global Group LLC 
1055 McNee Road Houston Texas 77054 0 NKB INVESTMENTS, INC 

6221 Richmond Ave. Houston Texas 77057  8327555828 Par Realty Group, Inc. 
1350 N. Sam Houston Parkway 
Ea Houston Texas 77032 7137036916 McVaugh Custom Homes, Inc 
7707 West Sam Houston Pkwy S Houston Te xas 77072 8172629994 GN Hospitality INC 
13355 FM 1960 West Houston Texas 77065 8328634756 All Star Hospitality LLC 
8155 N. Sam  Houston Parkway 
W Houston Texas 77064 0 HOUSTON INTERNATIONAL HOSPITALITY, LLC 
7014 Will Clayton Parkway Humble Texas 77338 8584051944 Aum Rudra Inc 
22223 Hwy 59 N. Humble Texas 
77339-
2845 2813594448 DEVAS HREE LAKSHMI INC. 
7502 North Sam Houston Pkwy E. Humble Texas 77396 2259268488 MMP GENERATION, LLC 
3105 Montgomery Road Huntsville Texas 77340 00000 Pinnacle Hospitality, LLC 
5000 W. John Carpenter Fwy. Irving Texas 75063 2149021380 DULLES LODGING, L.P. 
850 W. Walnut Hill Lane Irving Texas 75038 6062712218 Mayuri K LLC 
4700 W. John Carpenter Fwy. Irving Texas 75063 301 2554826 4700 W. JOHN CARPENTER FWY HOLDINGS LIMI 
22025 Katy Fwy Katy Texas 
77450-
1739 2813928700 JALABAPA HOSPITALITY LLC 
25115 Katy Freeway Katy Texas 77494 8325610361 ASHVINKUMAR GANDHI 
1210 Hwy 259 N Kilgore Texas 75662 9032350403 CARLEX HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2702 OW Curry Drive Killeen Texas 76542  KRNS, L.C. 
5213 Physicians Way Kyle Texas 78640 0 NEO HOSPITALITY, LLC 
902 South 8th Street La Porte Texa s 77571 9792037386 MANPREET KAUR 
296 Abner Jackson Pkwy Lake Jackson Texas 77566 9792975545 LAKE JACKSON LODGING GROUP 
6551 Metro Court Laredo Texas 78041 203-545-3623 Kannan Elangovan, et al. 
755 E. Vista Ridge Mall Drive Lewisville Texa s 75067 9725233080 Om Namah Hotel L.L.C 
200 W. Centennial Blvd Lindale Texas 75771 901-672-5878 JAGADISHKUMAR MAGANBHAI 
3307 N 4th St Longview Texas 75605 2149128622 KLN BUILDINGS, LLC 
3430 W. Loop 289 Lubbock Texas 79407  BIG SPRING HOSPITALITY, LLC 
6510 Interstate 27 Lubbock Texas 79412 8067636500 Niravi Investments, LLC 
4927 Marsha Sharp Freeway Lubbock Texas 79410 80674 71748 SSNRM INVESTMENTS, LLC 
175 N. Hwy. 287 Mansfield Texas 76063 3612270569 Jahnavi, INC 
5204 S. East End Blvd. Marshall Texas 75672 9039270079 Marshall Hospitality Partners LTD 
800 W. Expressway 83 McAllen Texas 
78501-
2981 956- 661-0800 VINODKUMAR KASAN 
1590 N Central Expressway McKinney Texas 75070 9722358321 CBP PARTNERS LTD 
820 W. Milam Street Mexia Texas 766 67 3618870411 ARR HOSPITALITY, LLC 
910 West I-20 Midland Texas 79701 8064015899 Inderjit Randhawa 
5606 Westridge Blvd Midland Texas 79706 9184927811 BURTON HOTEL GROUP OF MIDLAND 2, LLC 
2200 S Stockton Street Monahans Texas 797 56 4322519129 CIRCA ENTERPRISES INC. 
3429 South Street Nacogdoches Texas 75964 6822625020 Nacogdoches Hotel Group, LLC 
9345 State Highway 6 Navasota Texas 77868 8328591444 PNR GROUP LLC 
1489 IH-35 N. New Braunfels Texas 78130 9036445068 Shree Austbhuja, LLC 
801 South JBS Parkway Odessa Texas 79761  4323624200 MAXIM HOSPITALITY, INC. 
4801 East 50th Street Odessa Texas 79762  469-774-5699 Esteem Hospitality Inc. 
2321 Highway 62 South Orange Texas 776 30 4095490074 SAI GAJANAN, LLC 
301 Willow Creek Parkway Palestine Texas 75801 2812568557 PRIME HOSPITALITY, LLC 

3035 NE Loop 286 Paris Texas 75460 2034855115 TXHP PARIS 2 OPCO L.L.C. 
110 Raul Florez Blvd. Pecos Texas 79772 2143920402 Prabhu Hotels LLC 
15112 FM 1825 Pflugerville Texas 78660 2547780962 SHRE, LLC 
2706 N. Cage Blvd. Phar
r Texas 78577 9567024880 B & G HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3615 Grandview Drive Plainview Texas 79072  5626445645 AHLV HOSPITALITY, INC. 
4901 Old Shepard Place Plano Texas 75093 5809240001 Collin Hospitality, L.P. 
2301 E President  George Bush 
Hwy Plano Texas 75074 5167849534 SOUTH PLANO ENTERPRISE, LLC 
640 E Park Blvd Plano Texas 
75074-
5430 2144486565 Jai Kapishwar, LLC 
7800 Memorial Blvd. Port Arthur Texas 77642  4093386591 Shree Rang Hospitality, Inc. 
1705 North Highway 181 Portland Texas 78374 361-779-6666 Portland Properties, Inc. 
404 North I-35 East Red Oak Texas 75154  4696846331 FARDIS INVESTMENTS, INC. 
801 Byron Nelson Blvd Roanoke Texas 76262 4058489567 KC FAMILY LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
8701 E. Interstate - I-30 Rowlett Texas 750 88 2146822466 PRAYOSHA TEXAS ENTERPRISES, LLC 
4450 W Houston Harte Xpreswy San Angelo Texa s 76901 4323624200 CASCADE HOSPITALITY, INC. 
6039 West IH 10 San Antonio Te xas 78201 51278785 00 NN VASVANI, LLC 
6075 IH-10 East San Antonio Texas 78219 2108633341 Nilkanth A&K Hospitality LLC 
5622 Utex Boulevard San Antonio Texas 78249 51256379 39 AASHI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
14202 San Pedro Avenue San Antonio Texas 78232 2104949000 COBBLESTONE HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
8021 Alamo Downs Parkway San Antonio Texas 78238 8047279329 GOLDEN LEAF HOTEL, LLC 
505 Live Oak Street San Antonio Texa s 78202 2103860254 ASNDSATX, L.L.C. 
1754 N. Loop 1604 East San Antonio Texas 78232 3608465115 YKHW CORPORATION 
5130 Vantage Way San Antonio Texas 78249 21058904 84 FRHT VANTAGE SAN ANTONIO, LP 
4630 Hitt Drive San Antonio Texas 78218 3185127178 ALYSSA HOTE LS UNLIMITED, LLC 
1053 Clovis Barker Drive San Marcos Te xas 78666 4058209832 NEEDHEE, INC. 
104 IH 35 N San Marcos Texas 78666 5127519567 Texas Group of Hotels LLC 
101 Huser Boulevard Schulenburg Texas 78956  3615719490 Victoria Ventures, Inc. 
5755 Bayport Blvd Seabrook Texas 77586 8324522414 WIG Seabrook, LLC 
3013 N. Hwy 123 Bypass Segu in Texas 78155 830 3723990 MAHAJAY INVESTMENTS, LTD 
18456 I-45 S Shenandoah Texas 77384 4172912869 Shenandoah Hotels LLC 
2904 Michelle Drive Sherman Texas 75090 5809206911 Texoma Hospitality, Inc. 
1774 S. Hwy., 84 Snyder Texas 79549 4329403111 SNYDER HOTEL GROUP, LLC 
3813 Padre Blvd South Padre Island Texas 
78597-
7009 203-545-3623 7 Hills SPI, LLC 
912 Padre Boulevard South Padre Island Texa s 78597 9567231198 VASDEVANI INVESTMENTS, LLC 
323 East Louetta Road Spring Texas 77373 2815285355 JUBILEE INTERNATIONAL, INC 
4820 Techniplex Dr. Stafford Texas 77477  2815655566 WELCOME HOSPITALITY, LTD. 
800 W. Interstate 20 Stanton Texas 79782 2157043475 PALACE STANTON LLC 
1414 SW HK Dodgen Loop Temple Texas 76504 870-816-8965 ISHAN, LLC 
215 Richill Drive Texarkana Texas 75503 (903) 716-9600 The Hotel Group, LLC 
10700 Emmett F. Lowry Expwy Texas City Texas 77591 7134469899 Meera Hotels, Inc 
4796 Memorial Drive The Colony Texas 75056 6362590068 Hasmuj Hospitality, LLC 
13636 Michel Road Tomball Texas 77375 9363722227 NIL HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
3247 W Gentry Pkwy Tyler Texas 75702  9016529290 SAI TY LER INVESTMENT LLC 

303 East Rieck Road Tyle r Texas 75703 9036676464 BROADWAY LODGING, LTD. 
6603 N.E. Zac Lentz Parkway Victoria Texa s 77904 8064419190 RAJESH PANCHAL ETAL 
6808 Woodway Drive Waco Texas 76712 2547233607 Vridha Hospitality LLC 
2700 La Salle Waco Te xas 76706 25453 70413 PROGRESSIVE INNS, LLC 
810 I-35 North Waco Texas 76705 (253) 315-2497 Dooly's Hotels LLC 
39502 US Hwy 290 Walle
r Texas 77484 8322578468 KG HOSPITALITY, INC 
131 RVG Plaza Waxahachie Texas 75165 9038680555 MJ HOSPITALITY LLC 
2524 S. Main Street W eatherford Texas 76087 8175994800 N PAK, INC. 
16931 N. Texas Ave Webste
r Texas 77598 9895740782 SNH Hospitality, Inc 
7801 Scott Street White Settlement Texas 761 08 2142893565 B&M RADHE HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1317 Kenley Ave Wichita Falls Texas 76306 8183578715 Sorrento Holdings, LLC 
4414 Westgate Street Wichita Falls Texas 76308 40582098 32 CHAMPAK PATEL 
338 Spur 5 Winnie Texas 77665 4099858411 VANKY ENTERPRISE, INC. 
2011 N. Highway 78 Wylie Texas 75098 2135873493 AADI Hospitality LLC 
2197 East Highway 40 Ballard Utah 84066 4357892000 Ram Shyam Hospitality LLC 
1540 S. Main St. Beave
r Utah 84713 7025962008 THE PHI LLIP C. JOLEY AND COLLETTE JOLLE 
1288 S. Main Street Cedar City Utah 84720 4357030737 A SOUTHERN UTAH LLC 
1975 East Main St. Green Rive r Utah 84525 6057251230 GREEN RIVER LODGING LLC 
45 North 2600 West Hurricane Utah 84737 9039267786 DIXIE HOTEL, LLC 
150 West Center Street Kanab Utah 84741 4352752048 150 KANAB LODGING, LLC 
877 North 400 West Layton Utah 84041 4357535623 CAPGRO LAYTON, LLC 
125 South 850 East Lehi Utah 84043  7607783699 SONAM & JUS, LLC 
1665 North Main Street Logan Utah 84341 4357521273 CRAIG CHAMPLIN & JEFFERY CHAMPLIN 
400 North Main Street Moab Utah 84532 80137345 10 TILP MOAB LLC, UTF MOAB LLC, MCS MOAB LLC 
215 N Commercial St Morgan Utah 84050 8014000657 Revaba Morgan LLC 
440 West 5300 South Murray Utah 84123  8014000657 SHRIJI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1776 West 2550 North Ogden Utah 84404 7139416525 SIKOTARMA LLC 
2250 S. 1200 W. Ogden Utah 84401  8016212545 WYDREDGE, L.L.C. 
427 West University Parkway Orem Utah 84058 4357030737 OREM HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1070 W 1250 S Richfield Utah 84701 435 2012111 R & R UTAH INVESTMENTS LLC 
138 East Riverside Dr. Saint George Utah  84790 4358627952 TAZ HOLDINGS, LLC 
974 North 2720 East Saint George Utah 84790 4356802385 SWAMI, LLC 
175 North 1000 East Saint George Utah 84770 9286452406 VIPUL PATEL ET AL 
2455 S. State St. Salt Lake City Utah 84115 3073710809 Welcome Hospitality LLC 
171 West 500 South Salt Lake City Utah 841 01 6052298645 SALT CITY PLAZA, L.L.C. 
202 North Jimmy Doolittle Road Salt Lake City Utah 84116 8019350212 SLC AIRPORT HOTEL, LLC 
171 N. 2100 W. Salt Lake City Ut ah 84116 8018145959 Ganeshay LLC 
8580 North Highway 36 Tooele Utah 84074 8019350212 LP PROPERTY, LLC 
2396 W Hwy 40 Vernal Utah 84078 7143158070 MAA ASHIRVAD HOSPITALITY, LLC 
2229 W. City Center Court West Valley City Ut ah 84119 8014555507 2229 CITY CENTER, LLC 
2437 S. Wildcat Way Woods Cross Utah 84010 435-360-2889 Petra Hospitality LLC 
1186 Putney Road Brattleboro Vermont 053 01 8455428155 BRATTLEBORO INN, INC. 
213 Paine Turnpike N. Montpelie
r Vermont 05602 8022292222 MAPLEWOOD LIMITED OF MONTPELIER 
19 Allen St. Rutland Vermont 05701 8562971197 TROLLEY SQUARE LLC 
703 US Route 5 South Saint Johnsbury Vermont 058 19 8027481500 NORTHEAST KINGDOM HOTELS, INC. 

3 Dorset Street South Burlington Vermont 05403 8028647444 LARKIN FAMILY PARTNERSHIP 
56 Ralph Lehman Dr. White River Junction Ve rmont 05001 8022953051 NORTHMAC, INC. 
1093 Ole Berry Drive Abingdon Virginia 24210 6107038271 MK Hotels, LLC 
5716 S. Van Dorn St. Alexandria Virginia  22310 30195158 04 FOURTH HOTE L ASSOCIATES LP 
1211 N. Glebe Rd. Arlington Virginia 22201  7033658999 FAIRFAX DRIVE INVESTMENTS, LLC 
80 Cottage Green Drive Ashland Virginia 230 05 8043644242 ASHLAND INVESTMENTS, INC. 
5558 Lee Hwy. Atkins Virginia 24311  5408170101 POOJA GANDHI INC. 
3705 S. Main St. Blacksbur g Virginia 24060  5409511500 CASCADE LODGING, LLC 
38769 Governor G C Peery Hwy Bluefield Virginia 246 05 (304) 922-0396 Dominion Hospitality, LLC 
13980 Metrotech Dr. Chantilly Virginia 20151 5713232900 Horizon Hospitality Inc. 
2097 Inn Drive Charlottesville Virginia 229 11 7578762115 REGENT HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1615 Timberwood Blvd. Charlottesville Virginia 22911 8046595566 HTC HOTEL LLC 
3355 S. Military Highway Chesapeake Virginia 233 23 7574722564 HAMPTON ROADS HOSPITALITY, INC. 
1550 Crossways Blvd. Chesapeake Virginia 23320 7572134380 GREENBRIER LODGING PARTNERS 
2100 W. Hundred Rd. Cheste
r Virginia 238 36 8047779000 CHESTER II, LLC 
4195 Main St Chincoteague Virginia 
23336-
2464 4108273878 CHINCOTEAGUE HOTEL, LC 
2331 Tyler Road Christiansburg Virginia 24073 3018851505 MPWG INC. 
15720 Woods Edge Road Colonial Heights Virginia 23834 8046595566 COLONIAL HEIGHTS HOTEL, LLC 
931 South Avenue Colonial Heights Virginia 23834 8047965200 KALYAN HOSPITALITY LLC 
100 Tower Drive Danville Virginia 24540 4347932792 MOTEL ENTERPRISES, LLC 
16931 Old Stage Road Dumfries Virginia 22025 7034458070 Awana Hotels, LLC 
899 Wiggins Road Emporia Virginia 23847 8046918212 Akshar International, Inc. 
11180 Fairfax Blvd Fairfax Virginia 22030  7035915900 LOUISIAN A HOSPITALITY INC 
6111 Arlington Blvd. Falls Church  Virginia 22044 301 9515804 THIRD HOTE L ASSOCIATES, L.P. 
541 Warrenton Road Fredericksburg Virginia 22406 7036231692 INTERSTATE 95, L.L.C. 
4615 Southpoint Parkway Fredericksburg Virgin ia 22407 8047965200 SOUTHPOINT HOTELS LLC 
4051 Innslake Drive Glen Allen Virginia 
23060-
3366 8044521000 INNSBROOK  HOSPITALITY, L.C. 
10601 Telegraph Road Glen Allen Virginia 23059 8047965200 NICK PATEL ET AL 
22006 Riverside Drive Grundy Virginia 24614 5409924077 INN AT GRUNDY, LLC 
1551 Hardy Cash Drive Hampton Virginia 23666 7576135350 DNC Hotels, LLC 
262 Neff Avenue Harrisonburg Virginia 228 01 804-304-9082 HARRISONBURG HOTEL, LLC 
200 Elden St. Herndon Virginia 20170 3019515804 HERNDON MOTEL ASSOCIATES LTD PARTNERSHIP 
151 Farmers Market Road Hillsville Virginia 24343 2767309999 SIHA LLC 
62 Comfort Way Lexington Virginia 24450 5409924077 Inn Of Rockbridge, LLC 
15001 Wards Road Lynchburg Virginia 24502 5402972764 MALCOLM FRANCIS ET AL 
7350 Williamson Boulevard Manassas Virginia 20109  3056955600 GCCFC 2006-GG7 MANASSAS LODGING, LLC 
378 Commonwealth Boulevard Martinsville Virginia 
24112-
1823 9193953094 PLATINUM HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
12330 Jefferson Ave. Newport News Virginia 23602 0 A JALARAM HOTEL, LLC 
12570 Jefferson Ave Newport News Virginia 23602 7573293737 SHANTINATH CS, LLC 
334 Caroline Street Orange Virginia 22960 5404370038 Collico, LLC 
12001 South Crater Road Petersburg Virginia  23805 8047965200 HORIZON PARTNERS, LLC 
5380 Oaklawn Blvd. Prince George Virginia 23875 804-467-8420 Jay Hopewell Hospitality LLC 

584 Oakland Circle Raphine Virginia 24472 5408170101 SHRINATH, INC. 
5070 Valley View Blvd Roanoke Virginia 
24012-
2038 5409924077 Inn at Roanoke, LLC 
24058 Welcome Way Drive Ruther Glen Virginia 22546 7573293737 NIYA LLC 
2898 Keagy Rd. Salem Virginia 24153 5403556961 CORE HOSPITALITY, LLC 
100 Wildwood Road Salem Virginia 24153 540- 537-5472 White Lotus Hospitality, LLC 
250 Thompson Street South Hill Virginia 23970 4347744675 P & T ENTERPRISE, LLC 
6560 Loisdale Ct. Springfiel d Virginia 22150 434 8461668 S&P Cospring LLC & S&P Norton LLC 
20 Salisbury Dr. Stafford Virginia 22554 540-659-8999 SUN GROUP, L.L.C. 
1302 Richmond Ave. Staunton Virginia 24401 540 4652623 GATEWAY HOSPITALITY STAUNTON, LLC 
5409 Plummer Blvd Suffolk Virginia 23435  757/962-8719 BELLEHARBOUR HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3231 Lee Highway Troutville Virginia 24175 5408154778 JMA HOSPITALITY LLC 
5808 Burton Station Road Virginia Beach Virginia 23455 7576953503 Vantage Hospitality LLC 
2321 Atlantic Avenue Virginia Beach Virginia 23451 2482502801 CO Hotel, LLC 
15 Windi Grove Drive Waynesboro Virginia 22980 8125228000 WINDIGROVE HOTEL, LLC 
331 Bypass Road Williamsburg Virginia 23185  7578762115 BYPASS ROAD HOSPITALITY, LLC 
237 Commons Way Williamsburg Virginia 23185 7573293737 SHANTINATH HOTELS, LLC 
195 Kernstown Commons 
Boulevard Winchester Virginia 22602 5406671322 HH2, LLC 
14525 Gideon Drive Woodbridge Virginia 22192 5408911112 POTOMAC HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1011 Motel Drive Woodstock Virginia 22664 5404652623 GATEWAY HOSPITALITY WOODSTOCK, LLC 
2594 East Lee Highway Wytheville Virginia 24382 7062609495 RADHA KRISHNA, LLC 
695 Peppers Ferry Road Wytheville Virginia 24382 3363148075 Wytheville Hospitality LLC 
One -  16th Street NE Auburn Washingt on 98002 2062516884 GHI AUBURN, LLC 
4282 Meridian St. Bellingham Washington 98226 360-332-5500 DAVID RICH CORPORATION 
1414 228th Street, S.E. Bothell Washingt on 98021 2535387998 C & K HOSPITALITY 
500 E. George Hopper Road Burlington Washin gton 98233 360-757-7806 500 E GEORGE HOPPER, LLC 
166 N.E. Canning Dr. Colville Washington 99114 5096907079 S & S HOTELS LLC 
1722 Canyon Rd. Ellensburg Washington 98926  2533267451 Lynden Hospitality 2, LLC 
31622 Pacific Highway South Federal Way Washin gton 98003 2535290101 SONG & SONS, INC. 
440 Three Rivers Dr. Kelso Washington  98626 5413505373 DEVINE, INC. 
7801 W. Quinault Ave. Kenne wick Washington 99336  5097838396 SUNSHI NE INVESTORS, LLC 
3703 Plaza Way Kennewick Wash ington 99338 5099283736 SOUT HRIDGE INNVESTMENTS, LLC 
22311 84th Ave. S Kent Washington 98032 2539450929 NAM & CHANG OH 
4700 Park Center Ave., N.E. Lacey Washin gton 98516 360-451-2014 LLJ Investments LLC 
12704 Pacific Highway SW Lakewood Washington 98499 2066500082 AMIECA INC. 
1700 E. Kittleson Road Moses Lake Washington 988 37 5038870280  MOSES LAKE INVESTERS, LLC 
829 Ocean Shore Blvd N W Ocean Shores Washington 98569 2063493857 DHALIWAL INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC 
415 Ellingson Road Pacific Washington 98047 2538767500 TRIMARK PACIFIC HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1121 Bay St. Port Orchard Washington 98366 2533819040 YOUNG & NAM, INC. 
19333 International Blvd Seatac Washington 98188 3104408998 SEATTLE GROUP LTD 
13700 Aurora Ave N Seattle Washington 981 33 2062354183 SEATTLE HOTEL INVESTMENT, LLC 
12415 East Mission Avenue Spokane Valley Washington 99216 8054787280 Warren Resort Hotels of Spokane Valley, Inc 
7200 Fun Center Way Tukwila Washington 981 88 4252277200 EAST WI ND INVESTMENTS, INC. 
401 E 13th Street Vancouver Washington 986 60 3606960411 IMAGINE HOTEL GROUP LLC 

4714 N.E. 94th Ave. Vancouve r Washington 98662  KH PROPERTIES, LLC 
1419 W. Pine St Walla Walla Washington 99362 (303) 517-4890 B&L MOTELS, INC 
195 East Penny Road Wenatchee Washington 98801 5098386101 PRINCESS PROPERTIES WENATCHEE, LLC 
3702 Fruitvale Blvd Yakima Washington 98902 5038870280 YAKIMA HO TEL PARTNERS LLC 
1201 13th Street, NW Washington 
Washington 
DC 20005 (301) 389-3857 LANDMARK HOLDINGS, INC. 
249 Mall Rd Barboursville West Vi rginia 25504 203 4855115 C.I. HERITAGE I NN OF BARBOURSVILLE OPCO, 
134 Harper Park Drive Beckley West Virginia 25801 3042373422 Jay Enterprises, Inc 
285 White Oaks Boulevard Bridgeport West Virg inia 26330 304.657.2392 PRAVIN PATEL ET AL 
6400 Maccorkle Avenue SE Charleston West Virginia 25304 9807224326 MEGA HOTEL GROUP, INC 
3094 16th Street Huntington West Virginia 25701 606-626-7843 Interstate Lodging, Inc 
1872 Edwin Miller Boulevard Martinsburg West Virginia 25404 5406673752 AIKENS CORPORATION 
167 Elizabeth Pike Mineral Wells West Virginia 261 50 5404652623 GATEWAY HOSPITALITY PARKERSBURG LLC 
801 Mall Road Oak Hill West Virginia 25901 3042373422 JAY ENTERPRISES, INC. 
675 Fort Henry Road Triadelphia West Virginia 26059 7326905555 GOKUL INC, OF WV 
167 Amerihost Drive Weirton West Virginia 26062 7249671100 Focus Hospitality LLC 
3809 W. Wisconsin Ave. Appleton Wisconsin 54914  APP PRO OF APPLETON, INC 
815 Park Avenue Beaver Dam Wisconsin 53916 630-347-1374 DMN Hospitality LLC 
N6295 Holiday Drive Black River Falls Wisconsin 54615 (916) 420-0058 Talat Sami Siddiqui 
1607 Landmark Drive Cottage Grove Wiscons in 53527 0 Badger Hotel Group, LLC 
5025 County Hwy. V De Forest Wi sconsin 53532 608 8462631 VIENNA HOSPITA LITY INVESTMENTS, LLC 
313 Bauer Parkway Delavan Wisconsin 53115 92021056 67 DELAVAN AREA HOSPITALITY GROUP, L.L.C. 
77 Holiday Lane Fond Du Lac Wisconsin 54937 WZ WISCO, INC 
W177 N 9675 Riversbend Lane Germantown Wiscons in 53022 3127527504 Odyssey Hotel Group LLC 
1415 Port Washington Road Grafton Wisconsin  53024 26238 71180 MEQUON INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC 
2850 S Oneida Street Green Bay Wisconsin 543 04 4325244800 Oneida II Hospitality LLC 
1951 Bond St. Green Bay Wisconsin 54303 (920) 680-6876 AAAW ENTERPRISES OF GREEN BAY INC. 
2620 Center Drive Hudson Wisconsin 54016 5072061926 HUDSON LODGING GROUP, LLC 
W227 N 16890 Tillie Lake Crt Jackson Wisconsin  53037 2623871180 GANDABHAI PATEL, ET AL. 
725 Paradise Lane Johnson Creek Wisconsin 53038 4142161121 WILDWOOD POOL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
7206 122nd Ave Kenosha Wisconsin 53142 4142340133 AKT HOTELS, LLC 
300 East Main Street Lake Geneva Wisconsin  53147 5127666116 Decorum Lake Geneva, LLC 
3510 Mill Pond Road Madison Wisconsin 53718 6304646782 Maheshwara, LLC 
4822 E. Washington Ave. Madison Wisconsin  53704 2067014116 MADISON LODGING, LLC 
1253 John Q. Hammons Dr. Madison Wisconsin 53717  WES PRO PARTNERS, L.L.C. 
11777 W Silver Spring Drive Milwaukee Wisconsin  53225 2623475802 Falcon Hospitality, LLC 
1702 East Bridge Street New Lisbon Wiscons in 53950 6083850908 I94 Hotels Inc. 
6362 S. 13th Street Oak Creek Wisconsin 53154  OAK PRO PARTNERS, LLC 
1223 Crossing Meadows Dr. Onalaska Wisconsin 
54650-
8560  CNI THL PROPCO FE II, LLC 
400 South Koeller Street Oshkosh Wiscons in 54902 6087180700 Unique Hotels, LLC 
1560 American Drive Plover Wisconsin 54467 7153261984 VIGNESHWARA, INC. 
North 5780 Kinney Rd Portage Wisconsin 53901 6088349889 KAMLESH PATEL ET AL 
1150 Oakes Rd Racine Wisconsin 53406 4128186952 Jini Hospitality, LLC 
1490 Lincoln St. Rhinelander Wiscons in 54501 3204911984 George Sheets 

3912 Motel Road Sheboygan Wisconsin 53081 6087901434 DILIP PATEL 
300 Division St. N. Stevens Point Wisconsin 54481 0 Stevens Point Lodging Group, LLC 
2510 Plaza Court Waukesha Wisconsin 531 86 6087180700 OMAHA HOTELS, INC. 
199 Foxfire Drive Waupaca Wisconsin 54981 8478825696 WAUPACA HOSPITALITY CORP. 
5810 Schofield Ave Weston Wisconsin 544 76 6304646782 Amit Patel, et al. 
201 W. Fox Farm Road Cheyenne Wyoming 82007 6053416425 DOUGLAS ESTES 
5401 Walker Road Cheyenne Wyoming 82009 (303) 629-6332 CHEYENNE HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1601 Sheridan Ave. Cody Wyoming 
82414-
3821 3072729012 BLAIR HOTELS, INC. 
1931 Harrison Dr. Evanston Wyoming 82930 307-745-6700 RAJ MOTEL, INC. 
269 Miracle Road EVANSVILLE Wyoming 82636 4356914002 Safari Timberline Hotels, LLC 
1607 West 2nd Street Gillette Wyoming 82716 3076862210 M. FARID KHAN AND BIBI KHAN 
1655 Centennial Drive Laramie Wyoming 82070 (000-000-0000) PLAINSMEN HOSPITALITY, INC. 
2366 East Cedar St. Rawlins Wyoming 82301 307-745-6700 SMP MOTEL, INC. 
2020 N. Federal Blvd. Riverton Wyoming 825 01 307-745-6700 RIVERTON HOSPITALITY, INC. 
2622 Commercial Way Rock Springs Wyoming 82901 3077890783 SRISAI, LLC 
1950 East 5th Street Sheridan Wyom ing 82801 3076739500 UNITED INNS LLC 
100 North Road 11 Worland Wyoming 82401 3074312550 SCHEUERMAN HOSPITALITY INC 
 

Franchisees who have signed Franchise Agreements for Hotels that were not yet operational as of as of December 31, 2025  
 
Hotel Address Hotel City Hotel State Hotel Zip 
Code 
Contact Phone 
Number Franchisee 
485 Wildwood Circle North Homewood Alabama 35209 2054514000 Jay Hospitality LLC 
4425 E Irma Ln Phoenix Arizona 85050 4178901555 CS AT PHOENIX, LLC 
1230 E. Main St. Barstow California 92311 95135124 24 JANN INVESTMENT CORP 
50552 Road 632 Oakhurst California 93644 8582323831 Daystar Hotels LLC 
8400 Edes Avenue Oakland California 94621 3372122714 Oakland Alameda Hotels, LLC 
38 Antelope Blvd. Red Bluff California 96080 831-240-3982 MAA Hospitality LLC 
200 E. Wolfensberger Rd. Castle Rock Colorado 80109 7204207529 DCP Ward, LLC 
7240 W. Jefferson Avenue Lakewood Colorado 80235  (303) 629-6332 LAKEWOOD HOSPITALITY, LLC 
440 Asylum Street Hartford Connecticut 06103 8582774305 PACKARD PACIFICA, INC. 
2934 Polynesian Isle Blvd. Kissimmee Florida 347 46 4075048891 GOOD NEIGH BOR HOSPITALITY, LLC 
3260 US Highway 98 N Lakeland Florida 33805 9542983066 OM 1961 INC 
2476 N. Citrus Blvd. Leesburg Florida 
34748-
7201 2175218177 B Miracle Touch Corporation 
3860 Tollgate Blvd. Naples Florida 34114 617-741-9862 R & M Real Estate Company Inc. 
5635 Windhover Drive Orlando Florida 32819 407-313-3179 Elite Lodging, LLC 
9201 Front Beach Road 
Panama City 
Beach Florida 32407 2017597499 
KRISHNA VENTURES OF PANAMA CITY BEACH 
LL 
1888 Sullivan Road College Park Georgia 30337 4044228600 HARE KRISHNA AIRPORT HOTEL, LLC 
2192 Mount Zion Pkwy Morrow Georgia 30260 2054826687 Krishna Krupa, LLC 
2526 Airport Way Boise Illinois 83705 9168018245 AJ Hospitality LLC 
2175 E. Touhy Ave. Des Plaines Illinois 60018 2246594362 SHRIN HOSPITALITY, LLC 
5011 North Lafayette Road Indianapolis Indian a 46254 6623030092 VELOCITY HOSPITALITY LLC 
1850 Priority Way Louisville Kentucky  40299 40237 12520 TRS LEASING, INC. 
2007 Colby Taylor Dr. Richmond Kentucky 40475 6065266646 Neal Enterprises, LLC 
2949 Varsity Street Baton Rouge Louisiana 
70807-
4059 4153162889 Hyde LLC 
9970 Airline Highway Baton Rouge Louisiana 70816 4045633571 HK Baton Rouge LLC 
7979 Malcolm Rd. Clinton Maryland 
20735-
7979 2404726727 LOTUS HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1912 E Kilgore Service Rd Kalamazoo Michigan 49002  2698769773 Kalamazoo Twins Hospitality Group Inc. 
29235 Buckingham Ave. Livonia Michigan 
48154-
4573 248-259-3586 LIVONIA HOSPITALITY CORPORATION 
800 Military Street Port Huron Michigan 48060 616- 796-1133 Port Huron Hospitality Holdings, LLC 
31960 Little Mack Ave. Roseville Michigan 48066 2488086642 31960 LITTLE MACK LLC 
3610 West Outer Rd. Arnold Missouri 63010 3149738179 SERVE ALL HOSPITALITY, LLC 
1315 North 27th Street Billings Montana 59101 3077522439 RIMROCK HOSPITALITY, LLC 
5719 University Pkwy Winston Salem New Mexi co 27105 3363371320 Pearl Hospitality, LLC 
3233 Legend Drive Dickinson New York 58601 0 Dickinson ND, LLC 
20 Saw Mill River Rd. Hawthorne 
North 
Carolina 10532 9145928600 Broadway-Hawthorne LLC 

3300 S Las Vegas Blvd Las Vegas 
North 
Carolina 89109 702-894-711 Ruffin Acquisition, LLC 
309 N. Genesee Street Utica 
North 
Carolina 13502 3155255201 HISAHASUMAJA, LLC 
4105 Vestal Parkway East Vestal 
North 
Carolina 13850  TAMARIND HOTELS USA INC. 
26300 Chagrin Blvd Beachwood Ohio 44122 2162410656 CBHV, LLC 
1234 Omniplex Drive Cincinnati Ohio 45240 6185482177 SNK HOTELS, LLC 
400 N.E. Ja Richardson Loop Ada Oklahoma 74820 2149064351 DSB OAK GLEN LP 
3110 NW Cache Road Lawton Oklahoma 73505 (940) 232-6323 SHRI RAM PROPERTY LLC 
5400 Enterprise Court Shawnee Oklahoma 74804 4058209832 CHAMPAK B. PATEL 
2165 Lincoln Highway East Lancaster Penns ylvania 17602 7172996900 GURUJI, INC. 
1492 Lititz Pike Lancaster Pennsylvania 17601 7179513968 Golden Lancaster, LLC 
144 Bee St. Charleston 
South 
Carolina 29401 9807224326 SUNRISE HOTELS OF CHARLESTON, LLC 
135 Carolina Point Parkway Greenville 
South 
Carolina 29607 8437992306 FOUR RAINES GREENVILLE, LLC 
12 Western Plaza Drive Amarillo Texas 79109 8063352500 Vidhi Hotels Ltd. 
6318 Ventura Drive Amarillo Texas 791 10 8063765911 RIBV AMARILLO, INC. 
6500 Hwy 21 East Hemphill Texas 75948 4096253747 S.A. HOSPITALITY LLC 
2814 N. Lee Highway Lexington Virginia  24450 5408170101 SAIKISHAN INC 
815 Gainsboro Road Roanoke Virginia 24016 540-290-1050 OM MANAGEMENT, LLC 
3097 Jefferson Davis Highway Stafford Virginia 22554 5406593447 3089-C JEFFERSON DAVIS HWY., INC 
280 Lithia Road Wytheville Virginia 24382 5403140091 SRD1, LLC 
2327 North Madson Street Liberty Lake Washingt on 99019 541-382-3108 G & M LIBERTY LAKE, LLC 
 
 

EXHIBIT O 

Franchisees that left the System during Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2025 
 
Hotel Address Hotel City Hotel State Hotel Zip 
Code 
Contact Phone 
Number Franchisee 
Int of Cool Springs Dr and Audubon Ln Athens Alabama 35611  HARESH PATEL 
South of 102 Limestone Parkway Calera Alabama 35040 256-878-6161 DONALD SPURLIN 
1115 Wayne Road NW Huntsville Alabama 35806 2566030861 Vijay Patel 
1025 Heathland Drive NW Huntsville Alabama 35816 2566030861 Venus QOZB II LLC 
SEQ of Stockton Hill Rd and Plaza Dr. Kingman Arizona 86409 5058633535 EAD PROPERTIES, LLC 
4701 West Keiser Avenue Osceola Arkansas 72370 8705633222 Tim Redzepi & Nuhi Redzepi 
1605 Auto Center Dr Antioch California 94509 408-637-0092 AMBE Hospitality LLC 
60 N Clovis Avenue Clovis California 93612 5592866205 Udeyvir Virk 
295 Clovis Avenue Fresno California 93727 5592866205 Udeyvir Virk 
985 Sterling Parkway Lincoln California 95648 8186497859 Emerald Hospitality LLC 
1900 Sunset Avenue Madera California 93637 5596974858 SAMER SABBAH 
2042 N. Fremont St. Monterey California 93940 8313732911 STARDUST MOTEL, LLC 
1470 Feather River Blvd. Oroville California 95965 530-604-3938 Sartaj Mgmt Inc 
3796 NORTHGATE BLVD Sacramento California 95834 2133215584 YNY ENTERPRISE, INC. 
Highway 395 and Dos Palmas RD SE Corner Victorville California 92392 9513169924 Dos3srk Investment LLC 
2748 E Garvey Ave S West Covina California 91791 9495582623 Solencia Hotel Group LLC 
1055 Kelly Johnson Blvd. 
Colorado 
Springs Colorado 80920 3038620739 MCA Hospitality Colorado Springs LLC 
15059 W Colfax Ave Lakewood Colorado 80401 8883625894 Veer Hospitality Golden LLC 
1450 Cascade Avenue Loveland Colorado 80538 7342317068 LVL Hospitality LLC 
3664 Soda Lakes Rd. Morrison Colorado 80465 9505130300 Kennedy No 
2260 Whitney Ave Hamden Connecticut 06518 2037776891 2260 WHITNEY AVENUE, LLC 
648 67th Street Circle E Bradenton Florida 34208 7278469500 BRADENTON HOTEL INVESTMENTS, LLC 
5000 Lake Blvd Clearwater Florida 33760 8139717676 Mukund Patel 
Intersection of US98 & Crawfordville Hwy Crawfordville Florida 32327 4692338894 Kinal Patel 
720 NW 4th Street 
Fort 
Lauderdale Florida 33311 9545946864 SAMEET PATEL 
Adjacent to 6819 US-129 Live Oak Florida 32060 9415441242 Partham LLC 
NWQ I-75 & Moccasin Wallow Road Parrish Florida 34219 4058209832 Champak Patel 
3043 E. Lake Mary Blvd. Sanford Florida 32773 4073311688 AIRSAN INVESTMENTS, LLC 
11551 Discovery Lane Seffner Florida 33584 9413806942 HOME HOSPITALITY OF TAMPA LLC 
17301 Dona Michelle Dr Tampa Florida 33647 813-786-9781 VAYU HOTELS LLC, 
2500 E Busch Gardens Blvd Tampa Florida 33612 7063562268 Sanusha LLC 
3342 Log Deck Way Grovetown Georgia 30813 7062887403 ATUL AND VARSHA PATEL 
7210 GA Hwy 21 Port Wentworth Georgia 31407 5307813161 Radhe Krishnaa LLC 
278 S Main Street Reidsville Georgia 30453 9122374131 ABDUL MALEK 
45 Fort Argyle Rd Savannah Georgia 31419 5307813161 Bhole Krupa LLC 
185 North Park Trail Stockbridge Georgia 30281 229-322-5424 Parth Patel and Vinod Patel 
1293 West Broadway Street Idaho Falls Idaho 83402 2086810156 Hotel Developers - Idaho Falls 3 LLC 
624 Northside Blvd Nampa Idaho 83687 8472716720 KIRPA HOSPITALITY, LLC 

1413 Bench Road Pocatello Idaho 83201 8016918972 LRD Hotels, LLC 
3647 W 5th Ave Post Falls Idaho 83854 2063843317 KB1 LLC 
12800 South Ashland Ave Calumet Park Illinois 60827 0 A & P HOSPITALITY OF ILLINOIS, LLC 
77 N Gilbert St Danville Illinois 61832 7152077397 Amitkumar Patel 
Int Williamson Dr and West Delaware St Fairfield Illinois 62837 859-393-6203 Triple Crown Hospitality Group LLC 
Cross Rds 1st St & Sergeant Square Dr Sergeant Bluff Iowa 51111 712-522-7917 Sgt Bluff Hotel LLC 
Adjacent to Fort Riley Blvd & Pierre St Manhattan Kansas 66502 (785) 554-7810 Mukesh Patel & Nihar Patel 
105 Plantation Drive Campbellsville Kentucky 42718 8592090389 Om-Yash Investments, LLC 
Adjacent to 100 Distillers Drive Lebanon Kentucky 40033 18599369300 Om-Yash Investments LLC 
Adjacent to 40 SK Lane Russell Springs Kentucky 42642 18599369300 Om-Yash Investments LLC 
2172 & 2182 Highway 84 Mansfield Louisiana 71052 3184719418 Jay Sharplin and Jay Sheffield 
5000 Gentilly Road New Orleans Louisiana 70126 4092779414 Alpesh Patel, Hareshkumar Patel, et. 
21907 Highway 23 Port Sulphur Louisiana 70083 504-451-1994 Woodland Plaza Group LLC 
235 Elm St. Dedham Massachusetts 
02026-
4542 6177703722 Giri Dedham, LLC 
1170 M-75 Boyne City Michigan 49712 9897329722 Catt's Realty Company 
1150 Ternes Dr Monroe Michigan 48162 (260) 445-6740 Sampal LLC 
11391 Viking Dr Eden Prairie Minnesota 55344 6087180700 Eden Hotels, LLC 
1746 Beach Boulevard Biloxi Mississippi 39531 239-297-3971 JAYESH PATEL 
2007 Highway 72 W Corinth Mississippi 38834 9044038130 AKP, LLC 
2310 McInvale Road Hernando Mississippi 38632 662-255-3773 Chintu Patel, et 
7500 Casino Strip Resort Blvd Robinsonville Mississippi 
38664-
9747 4798715219 Mangukiya LLC 
Adjacent to 551 State Rte B St James Missouri 65559 5735298900 Stubblefield Commercial, LLC 
2929 Harrison Ave Butte Montana 59701 408-623-9929 Xerxes Investments, LLC 
2601 Westwood Drive Las Vegas Nevada 89109 7148009290 Niral Munshaw 
417 Woodbury Avenue Portsmouth 
New 
Hampshire 03801 7818638500 ANAND PATEL ET AL 
520 49th St. West New York New Jersey 07093 201-835-2439 49th St. WNY, LLC 
Adjacent to 1951 Cortland Drive Farmington New Mexico 87401 5145136055 Donald Howard and Beena Howard 
NEAR 2002 Grand Avenue Las Vegas New Mexico 87701 5052714807 SBG HOSPITALITY LV LLC 
3604 E Route 66 Blvd Tucumcari New Mexico 88401 575-815-9115 Dhani Hospitality LLC 
3025 Route 426 Findley Lake New York 14736 9047042410 FINDLEY LAKE HOSPITALITY, LLC 
635 Elmira Road Ithaca New York 14850 6072725252 RAMJI HOSPITALITY, LLC 
22 James P Kelly Way Middletown New York 10940 8004246423 WESTERN ORANGE CONTRACTING, INC. 
1501 W. Ridge Rd. Rochester New York 14615 6465265209 VCN ROCHESTER LLC 
301 Residence Inn Boulevard Durham North Carolina 27713 508-596-2195 JPS Inc 
4610 Highway 74 E Wingate North Carolina 28174 8183708430 Pankaj Bhalani 
4530 N Hamilton Rd Gahanna Ohio 43230 6144463531 Tijen Incorporated, LLC 
2501 Centennial Drive Ardmore Oklahoma 73402 0 By Park Lodging Hospitality, LLC 
601 Oklahoma 18 Chandler Oklahoma 74834 9188451106 Chandler CH, LLC 
142 N Broad Street Philadelphia Pennsylvania 19121 2679181760 Spring Garden Marketing Investment LLC 
60 Gooding Avenue Bristol Rhode Island 02809 5085621650 D&M LLC 
Adjacent to 2513 Cattle Farm Road Latta South Carolina 29565 8439975973 ROYAL PANTHERA LLC 
703 S. Ocean Blvd. Myrtle Beach South Carolina 29577 9807224326 Sweethome MB Inc 

97 26th Street SE Huron South Dakota 57350 7122603470 Bravehart Hospitality Group, LLC 
7900 Stagestop Road Summerset South Dakota 57718 3076702363 Summerset Hospitality, LLC 
Int of I-40 and Airline Rd Arlington Tennessee 38002 9012305847 Deepak Patel 
Denso Dr & Burkett L Witt Blvd Athens Tennessee 37303 4233719070 Gajanand, LLC 
Adjacent to 1265 Rossview Rd Clarksville Tennessee 37043 305-299-4562 RAM Developers LLC 
Trotwood Ave & S James Campbell Blvd Columbia Tennessee 38401 931-242-2111 Duke & Gobble Properties, LLC 
139 Londonderry Rd Harrogate Tennessee 37752 6786421120 Indu Sai Hotels Group Inc. 
1680 Franklin Road Lebanon Tennessee 37090 6159692951 KRISHNA PATEL 
Intersection of I-40 and Highway 109 N Lebanon Tennessee 37090 931-952-1410 Bhulabhai Patel, et 
Intersection of Elam Pkwy & Murfreesboro Tennessee 37127 931-252-0042 Nishant Meraiya 
2407 Brick Church Pike Nashville Tennessee 37207 615-400-2152 Shri Ganesha Enterprise LLC 
Adjacent to 3104 Teaster Lane Pigeon Forge Tennessee 37863 413-455-7565 Viralkumar Patel and Bijalkumari Patel 
Adjacent to 139 Kedron Pkwy Spring Hill Tennessee 37174 931-952-1410 OM SAI HOTEL 2 INC. 
Adjacent to 9151 East I-40 Amarillo Texas 79118 682-465-3247 Kalpesh Patel 
Highway 121 and Beach Street Fort Worth Texas 76111 2142156898 MAGNOLIA HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
707 North Access Road Longview Texas 75602 7193842571 BLACK DIAMOND HOSPITALITY, LLC 
203 South Shary Road Mission Texas 78572 956-961-4678 Shary Heights Investments, LLC 
11526 IH 35 N. San Antonio Texas 78233 2106564600 PREMIUM HOSPITALITY LLC 
SEQ 1604 and Palisades Drive Universal City Texas 78148 2142156898 MAGNOLIA HOSPITALITY GROUP, LLC 
2109 SW Basin Street Ephrata Washington 98823 9164396789 Vijay Kumar 
SE corner of WA-281 & Rd 9 NW Quincy Washington 98848 2063041776 Manjit Litt 
 
 

EXHIBIT P 

Lender 
Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property» 
3/4/24 
Page 1 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852  (301) 592-5000 
M
arch 4, 2024 
Lend
er Name  
Lender Address 
Lender Address 
Attention:    Lender contact name/title 
R
e:     «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» «Contract_Legal_Sec_Name» 
(«Contract_Property» - «Contract_Contract_ID») 
«Contract_Property_Address_for_ChoiceMap» (the “Hotel”) 
D
ear Lender: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Franchisor”) and «Customer_Customer_Name» (“Franchisee”) are 
parties to a Franchise Agreement dated «Contract_EffectiveExecution_Date» (as amended, the 
“Franchise Agreement”).  The Franchise Agreement permits Franchisee to operate the Hotel as a 
«Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product»® hotel.   
A
s of the date of this letter agreement, the Franchise Agreement is in full force and effect, Franchisee is in 
good standing with Franchisor, and Franchisor has  not issued a notice of default under the Franchise 
Agreement which has not been cured; and to the best of Franchisor’s knowledge and belief, Franchisee is 
not currently in default of the Franchise Agreement.  “Franchisor’s knowledge” means the actual knowledge 
of obvious Hotel development, construction, and operational matters regularly reviewed by company 
employees who have given their attention to such matters in the ordinary course of business and does not 
include any investigation by those employees or others of other matters or beyond their usual and 
customary reviews of the Hotel, nor does it include constructive notice of matters or information located in 
public or Hotel records.  “Default” means matters which have been the subject of an actual notice of default 
under the Franchise Agreement and does not include matters which are or may be in process, under 
discussion, or otherwise addressed.   
____
____________________ (“Lender”) and Franchisee have informed Franchisor that Lender has issued 
a commitment to loan funds (the “Loan”) to Franchisee to be used for the direct benefit of the Hotel and 
secured by the Hotel.  
Lender and Franchisee have requested that Franchisor  enter into this letter  agreement (the “Comfort 
Letter”) and have submitted the nonrefundable current processing fee.  The undersigned parties agree as 
follows:  
1. Oppor tunity to Cure Defaults.
(a) Notice and Cure Period. Franchisor will copy Lender on any notice of default or termination
issued to Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement.   To the extent any default is curable, Lender shall 
have the right, but not the obligation, to cure the default within a cure period of fifteen (15) calendar days  
for monetary defaults or forty -five (45) days for non- monetary defaults beyond the expiration of the cure 
period, if any, given to Franchisee (“Lender’s Cure Period”).   For non -monetary default, Lender must 
provide notice to Franchisor of Lender’s intended method to cure the non-monetary default. 


 
Lender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property»  
3/4/24  
Page 2 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852          (301) 592-5000 
 
 
(b) Non-Monetary Default Requiring Possession to Cure. In the event of a non- monetary 
default, Lender must obtain Franchisor’s prior written consent to apply for the right to acquire the Hotel (the 
“Acquisition”).  Lender must provide notice to Franchisor in accordance with Section 1(a) of this Comfort 
Letter, and has, upon request, one hundred eighty (180) calendar days (“Additional Period”) commencing 
at the expiration of Lender’s Cure Period to complete the Acquisition, through foreclosure or other 
appropriate proceedings.  To request the Additional Period, Lender must: (i) notify Franchisor no later than 
the date it commences proceedings (or promptly after action is stayed or enjoined) that Lender wants the 
Additional Period; (ii) commence proceedings within Lender’s Cure Period and diligently prosecutes such 
proceedings to completion; and (iii) comply w ith the obligations of Franchisee under the Franchise 
Agreement not being performed by Franchisee during the Additional Period, including payment of all 
monetary obligations but excluding those obligations that can only be performed by Franchisee or which 
Lender cannot perform without ownership of the Hotel. If requested by Lender, Franchisor may extend the 
Additional Period, at Franchisor’s determination taking into consideration the period of time that may be 
necessary to complete the foreclosure or other  proceeding in the applicable jurisdiction and any period of 
time during which such action has been stayed or enjoined.  If Lender fails to timely request the Additional 
Period, Lender acknowledges that the Franchise Agreement terminates pursuant to Franchisor’s notice of 
default and termination.   
 
          (c) Foreclosure.   If Lender commences a foreclosure or other proceeding intended to result 
in the Acquisition but Franchisor has not issued a default notice to Franchisee or Lender has cured 
Franchisee’s default during Lender’s Cure Period, Lender may exercise the rights under this Comfort Letter 
if Lender (i) notifies Franchisor of its proceeding as required by this Comfort Letter and confirms its intention 
to proceed under the terms of this Comfort Letter and (ii) subsequently completes its Acquisition within one 
hundred eighty (180) calendar days of the date Lender commenced its proceeding (as such one hundred 
eighty (180) day period may be extended by Franchisor in its determination if requested by Lender, which 
determination shall take into consideration the period of time required to complete a foreclosure in the 
applicable jurisdiction, and any period of time in which Lender’s action has been stayed or enjoined). Lender 
must also comply with the obligations in P aragraph 1(b)(iii) while the Acquisition is pending. Franchisor 
acknowledges and agrees that an Acquisition shall not be deemed a sale or lease of the Hotel under the 
Franchise Agreement, nor a violation of any control or transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement, and 
shall not be subject to any right of first refusal or right of first offer contained in the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(d) Franchisor’s Rights to Terminate Franchise Agreement .  Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Comfort Letter, and without limiting Franchisor’s right to terminate the Franchise 
Agreement, Franchisor may terminate the Franchise Agreement if any of the following occur:  
(i) Franchisee’s default or any subsequent default, in the sole opinion of Franchisor, damages the image or 
reputation of Franchisor or any brand name owned and/or licensed by Franchisor; (ii) Franchisor is required 
to terminate the Franchise  Agreement by court order or action of any trustee in bankruptcy or debtor in 
possession of the Hotel; (iii)  the Additional Period expires without other arrangements, satisfactory to 
Franchisor in its sole discretion, having been entered into between Franchisor and Lender; or (iv) , as 
applicable, Franchisor has the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement without cause under Section 3 
of the Franchise Agreement. 
 
(e) Expiration of Franchise Agreement.  Nothing in this Comfort Letter will extend the 
Franchise Agreement beyond its stated Term.   
 
2. Elections Upon Lender Acquisition.  
 
(a) Election Not to Operate. If Lender completes its Acquisition before the expiration of the 
applicable time periods set forth in Paragraph 1, Lender may elect not to continue operating the Hotel under 
the terms of the Franchise Agreement.  In such event, Lender must give written notice to Franchisor within 
thirty (30) calendar days after the Acquisition of its election not to operate.  Upon receipt by Franchisor of 
such notice, Franchisor shall terminate the Franchise Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof.  
Upon such termination of the Franchise Agreement pursuant to this Paragraph, Lender shall not be liable 

Lender 
Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property» 
3/4/24 
Page 3 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852  (301) 592-5000 
for any termination fees or liquidated damages for early termination.  Lender shall be solely liable for all 
fees and obligations of Franchisee that accrued during the time period from the date of the Acquisition 
through the date of Lender’s notice not to operate, and Lender shall be responsible for complying with the 
de-identification obligations contained in the Franchise Agreement. 
(b) Election to Operate. If Lender completes its Acquisition before the expiration of the
applicable time periods set forth in Paragraph 1 and Lender elect s to continue operating the Hotel as a 
«Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» hotel, Lender may, by notice and payment to Franchisor of an 
affiliation fee in the amount of  $15,000 by no later than thirty (30) days after the Acquisition and, enter into 
a new franchise agreement on Franchisor’s then-current form.  Lender and Franchisor will execute the new 
franchise agreement within thirty (30) days of Lender’s A cquisition.  Such franchise agreement shall be 
dated as of the later of (i)  the date that Lender acquired the Hotel  or (ii) the date that we sign the new 
franchise agreement.  
T
he conditions contained in the Section 9 transfer provisions of the Franchise Agreement relevant 
to a new f ranchisee as determined appropriate by Franchisor shall apply with respect to the transfer to 
Lender, including but not limited to submission by Lender of its ownership structure, evidence of ADA 
compliance and evidence of insurance.  Any renovation requirements imposed by Franchisor will not 
exceed those which Franchisor could have imposed had Franchisee remained as the Franchisee under the 
Franchise Agreement.  Lender must diligently cure all defaults which it could not cure before the Acquisition 
under the terms of Paragraph 1(b), except for personal and non-curable defaults as defined below, within 
the time period determined by Franchisor based on the nature of the default and/or the condition of the 
Hotel at the time of Lender’s Acquisition.  The term “personal and non -curable defaults” as used in this 
Paragraph shall mean such defaults that (i) occurred before the date of Lender’s Acquisition; (ii) are non-
curable; (iii) are  purely personal to Franchisee ( e.g., failure to provide adequate notice or past failure to 
maintain Franchisee’s company status); and (iv) are unrelated to the operation of the Hotel.   H owever, 
Lender shall not be liable for any termination fees or liquidated damages.   
3. Receivership .  If a receiver is appointed by court order to operate the Hotel, and Lender desires the
Hotel to continue to be operated as a «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» hotel, Lender may, by
notice and payment to Franchisor of a non-refundable $7,500 administrative fee within t hirty (30) days of
receiver’s appointment and subject to Paragraph 2(b)  above, elect  to have r eceiver enter into a n
as
sumption of the franchise agreement on Franchisor’s then-current form.  The receiver must execute an
a
ssumption of the Franchise Agreement within thirty (30) days of receiver’s appointment.  Before Franchisor
approves  such assumption of the Franchise Agreement pursuant to this Paragraph 3, (i) Franchisor, Lender
and receiver must reach agreement concerning the cure of any quality, service or other deficiencies in
F
ranchisee’s prior performance of its obligations under the Franchise Agreement, including any deficiencies
under any other agreements with Franchisor and/or its affiliates relating to the Hotel but excluding liquidated
damages; (ii) receiver must enter into an assumption of the Franchise Agreement containing all terms required
by
 Franchisor, which will be dated as of r eceiver’s possession date; and (iii) receiver must specifically be
authorized by court order to operate the Hotel and enter into and comply with the agreements referenced in
subsection (ii) above.
4. N otification s to Franchisor.   Lender agrees to notify Franchisor: (i) contemporaneously wit h
commencement of foreclosure proceedings regarding the Hotel; (ii) contemporaneously with the filing of
any petition for appointment of a receiver, to obtain the entry of an order for relief, or take any action under
federal or state bankruptcy laws or similar laws with regard to the Hotel; (iii) contemporaneously with the
acceptance of  a deed for the Hotel in lieu of foreclosure; and  (iv) promptly, after tak ing ownership,
possession or control of the Hotel, directly or indirectly, in any manner.  Lender’s notice to Franchisor must
identify the court in which any such action referred to in subsection (i) or subsection (ii) is or will be
filed.  Lender shall  promptly notify Franchisor in writing of the commencement by another party of
foreclosure proceedings or the filing of an action for the appointment of a receiver or petition for relief under
state or federal bankruptcy laws after Lender receives notice of commencement of such proceedings.

Lender 
Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property» 
3/4/24 
Page 4 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852  (301) 592-5000 
5. No Consent to Assignment of Franchise Agreement.  Lender and Franchisee acknowledge and
agree that any current and any future collateral assignment, pledge, grant of a security interest or other
transfer to Lender or its Affiliates of any interest in the Franchise Agreement:  (i) has not been and will not
be consented to by Franchisor; (ii) does not and will not affect Franchisor’s rights under the Franchise
Agreement; (iii) does not and will not  grant Lender or any person gaining ownership or possession of the
Hotel any rights under the Franchise Agreement or with respect to the license granted thereunder, including
t
he right to operate the Hotel as a «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» hotel; and (iv) is and will be
limited by  the terms and conditions of this Comfort Letter.  If the Hotel is acquired by anyone other than
Lender neither Lender nor Franchisee will have the right or authority to sell, convey, assign or in any manner
transfer any rights under this Comfort Letter  or under the Franchise Agreement without the prior writt
en
c
onsent of Franchisor.   Lender’s only rights with respect to the Franchise Agreement and the licens e
gr
anted thereunder, including the right to operate the Hotel as a «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product»
hotel, are stated in this Comfort Letter.
6. Subsequent Sale.     Any subsequent sale, assignment or transfer of the Hotel by Lender to a third
party who desires to continue to operate the Hotel as a «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» Hotel
must be in accordance with the transfer and assignment provisions of the Franchise Agreement, which
require, among other things,  submission of a relicensing application, payment of an affiliation fee, and
payment of all amounts due to Franchisor.  Franchisor will require the transfer applicant to sign the then-
current form of franchise agreement, which will include a new property improvement plan.
7. No Claims .  Franchisor may discuss with Lender or its designee the status of the Hotel, t he
Franchise Agreement, the terms of any agreement contemplated by this Comfort Letter and any of the
matters to which Lender is entitled to notice.    Franchisor  and its respective owners, affiliates, agents,
employees, officers, directors, successors, assigns and representatives (“Released Persons”) shall not be
l
iable to any person for taking any action or providing any information required or contemplated by thi s
C
omfort Letter (“Comfort Letter Acts”) and Franchisee, on behalf of itself and its owners, affiliates, agents,
officers, directors, employees, representatives, successors and assigns, hereby releases the Releas ed
P
ersons of and from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, demands, contingencies, debts,
accounts and judgments whatsoever, at law or in equity, for any Comfort Letter Acts.
8. N otices.   All notices required under this Comfort Letter  shall be in writing, sent by certified mail,
return receipt requested, or by Federal Express or other national express delivery service and addressed,
if to Lender, to:
Lender name 
Lender address 
Lender address 
Attention:    Lender contact/title 
i
f to Franchisee, to: 
«Customer_Customer_Name» 
«Licensee_Rep_Account_Billing_Address_Li» 
«Licensee_Rep_Account_Billing_Address_Li1» 
«Licensee_Rep_Account_Billing_Address_Li2» 
«Licensee_Rep_Account_City», «Licensee_Rep_Account_StateProvince» 
«Licensee_Rep_Account_ZipPostal_Code» 
Attention:   «Licensee_Rep_Contact» 
I
f to Franchisor, to: 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600 

Lender 
Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property» 
3/4/24 
Page 5 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852  (301) 592-5000 
North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 
Attention:  Legal Department 
Any notice sent pursuant to this Comfort Letter shall be deemed to be given three (3) days after mailing or 
on the next business day after such notice is deposited with a national express delivery service. 
9. Franchisee Estoppel and Release.   As consideration for this Comfort Letter relating to the Loan,
Franchisee hereby:
(
a) certifies to Franchisor that the Franchise Agreement is in full force and effect,  and no
def
ault, claim, breach, offset, defense to full and strict enforcement, waiver, or estoppel (collectively, a 
“Claim”), or condition that could with passage of time, giving notice or otherwise become a Claim, currently 
exists or has existed against Franchisor under the Franchise Agreement;  
(
b) agrees that this Comfort Letter will remain in full force and effect in favor of Lender with
respect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, extended, supplemented, or 
restated;  
(
c) agrees that this Comfort Letter was provided to Lender at Franchisee’s request; and
(
d) fully and forever releases, discharges, and agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Franchisor, its predecessors, successors and assigns and each of their respective former and present 
officers, employees, directors, shareholders, partners, members, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, alter egos, 
representatives, agents, and attorneys (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all Claims, 
demands, liens, actions, agreements, suits, causes of action, obligations, controversies, debts, costs, 
attorney’s fees, expenses, damages, judgments, orders, and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in law, 
equity, or otherwise, whether now known or suspected which have, may or do exist (“Released Claims”), 
based on any facts, events, or omissions occurring before the execution of this Comfort Letter which arise 
out of, concern, pertain, or relate in any way to the subject matter of this Comfort Letter. Franchisee 
acknowledges that it may hereafter discover Claims presently unknown or unsuspected, or facts in addition 
to or different from those which it now knows or believes to be true, with respect to the matters released by 
this Comfort Letter.  Nevertheless, Franchisee fully and finally settles and releases all such matters, and all 
Claims relative thereto, which do now exist, may exist or have existed between the Released Parties and 
Franchisee. 
10. Lender Estoppel and Release.  As consideration for this Comfort Letter  relating to the Loan,
Lender hereby:
(a) c ertifies to Franchisor that Lender is not a Sanctioned Person. “Sanctioned Person” means
any person or entity (including financial institutions) who is:  (i) or is controlled by or acting on behalf of the 
Government of any country subject to comprehensive U.S. sanctions in force and which currently include 
the Government of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria (“Sanctioned Countries”); (ii ) located in, 
organized under the laws of or ordinarily resident in Sanctioned Countries; and/or (iii ) identified by any 
government or legal authority under applicable Trade Restrictions as a person with whom dealings and 
transactions by Lender and/or its affiliates are prohibited or restricted, including but not limited to persons 
designated under United Nations Security Council Resolutions, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s 
Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) List of Specially Designated Nationals and Other Blocked 
Persons; the U.S. Department of State’s lists of persons subject to non- proliferation sanctions; the 
European Union Financial Sanctions List; persons and entities subject to Special Measures regulations 
under Section 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act and the Bank Secrecy Act; 
(
b) agrees that this Comfort Letter shall remain in full force and effect in favor of Lender wit h
r
espect to the Loan, as the Loan may periodically be modified, amended, ext ended, supplemented or 
restated; and  

Lender 
Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property» 
3/4/24 
Page 6 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852  (301) 592-5000 
(
c) fully and forever releases and discharges the Released Parties from any and all Released
Claims by or through Lender based on any facts, events, or omissions occurring before the execution of 
this Comfort Letter which arise out of, concern, pertain, or relate in any way to this Comfort Letter. 
11. No Representations or Warranties.   In no event shall this Comfort Letter  or any other
circumstances surrounding the provision of financing by Lender be construed to involve:   (i) any
representation by Franchisor that Franchisor endorses, approves, recommends or otherwise concurs in the
f
inancing; (ii) any guarantee or assurance by Franchisor that Franchisee or any other party to the Loan will
be able to repay the Loan in accordance with its terms; (iii) any endorsement, approval, recommendation
or concurrence in any financial projections submitted to Lender in connection with the Loan; or (iv)  any
endorsement, approval or recommendation of Franchisee’s character or reputation.   Franchisor’s
representation in the second paragraph of this Comfort Letter  regarding the status of the F ranchise
A
greement pertains to the status of the Franchise Agreement as of the date of this Comfort Letter only.  As
a result, Lender acknowledges that Franchisor makes no representation that it has or has not issued any
default notice after the date hereof, and Lender is not relying on any such representation (or absence of a
r
epresentation) in making any decision or representation or warranty in connection with any material
modification, securitization, or sale of the Loan.
12. R eplacement  Comfort Letter.  Franchisor will issue a replacement comfort letter, substantially
similar in form to Franchisor’s then current comfort letter  and then current fee if Lender  (a)(i) appoints a
third-party loan servicing agent to service the Loan,  (ii) transfers the Loan to a successor mortgag ee that
is a financial institution in the business of routinely financing real estate transactions , or (iii) designates a
trustee of a trust established in connection with the securitization of the Loan, provided that such transferee,
designee, or appointee  is not a Competitor, an affiliate of a Competitor, or a Person as defined in Section
19
(k) of the Franchise Agreement  (the “Anti-Terrorism/Anti-Bribery Laws”), and is not an affiliate of
Franchisee, and (b) Franchisor receives a written request to issue a replacement comfort letter within sixty
(60
) days of the date of such appointment or transfer, setting forth the name, address of the entity for which
the replacement comfort letter is requested, the name, address, telephone number and email address for
the contact person for such entity, and the date of such appointment or transfer.
“Competitor" means an individual person who directly, or indirectly through an affiliate, owns or controls a 
hotel brand (or brands) and brands hotels through branded management, licensing and/or franchising (or 
similar means) for at least ten (10) hotels; provided, however, that a financial investor (such as an 
investment bank, private equity fund, pension fund, hedge fund or similar institution or any investor therein) 
shall not be deemed a competitor solely because of its financial investment in any competitor so long as 
either such financing investor is a passive investor or such financial investor is not actively involved in the 
day-to-day business operations of the brand and an appropriate and sufficient barrier is established to 
prevent such financial investor from receiving any confidential information of Franchisee, as applicable.  In 
addition, a bank or other institutional lender that provides commercial financing to a competitor shall not be 
deemed a competitor solely because in the ordinary course of business it has financed a competitor, 
whether or not such financing results in, or has the potential to result in, such lender having control of a 
competitor as a result of the enforcement of remedies in the applicable financing documents, provided that 
such lender does not assume active management of the day to day operations of such competitor.  
Franchisor reserves the right to require representations and warranties or certifications that the conditions 
in this Paragraph are satisfied prior to issuing any replacement comfort letter.   Any such replacement 
comfort letter shall supersede and replace this Comfort Letter. 
13. P
ossession of the Hotel .  If Lender owns, controls or possesses the Hotel after termination of the
Franchise Agreement for any reason  and Lender has not entered into a franchise agreement with
Franchisor pursuant to P aragraph 2(b) herein, Lender will (i) upon Franchisor’s request immediately
perform the requirements of the Franchise Agreement with respect to de- identifying the Hotel as  a
«
Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» hotel and (ii) indemnify, defend and hold harmless Franchisor
and its affiliates from and against any loss, claim or other liability of any kind arising from or in connection

Lender 
Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property» 
3/4/24 
Page 7 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852  (301) 592-5000 
with the operation of the Hotel as a «Contract_Brand» «Contract_Product» hotel during such ownership, 
control or possession.  Lender’s obligations under this Paragraph shall survive termination of this Comfort 
Letter, and nothing herein shall limit Franchisor’s rights to seek legal redress for any unauthorized use of 
Franchisor’s trademarks, service marks, or systems. 
14. T ermination .  This Comfort Letter shall terminate and Lender shall have no rights hereunder if:
(i) Lender has been taken over in any manner by any state or federal agency or is in a
receivership, conservatorship, reorganization, or liquidation, or Lender or any of its officers
or directors has entered into or is subject to a cease and desist order or any other formal
or informal written agreement with a federal or state regulatory agency;
(ii) Lender no longer holds a valid first mortgage or security deed for the Hotel unless (a)
Lender has acquired the Hotel by foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure, or any other
exercise of its rights as a secured lender, in which case Lender will have the rights stated
in Paragraph 2 for the period stated in such Paragraph, or (b) there has been a
securitization or transfer of the Loan, in which case Lender will have the rights stated in
Paragraph 12 for the period stated in such Paragraph;
(
iii) the Franchise Agreement has expired or the Franchisee has exercised its right to
terminate;
(iv) the Franchise Agreement has been terminated, unless such a termination is the result of
the timely exercise of Lender’s rights under Paragraph 2 or Paragraph 3, in which case this
comfort letter will terminate on the exercise or expiration of such rights, but in no event later
than forty-five (45) days after such termination of the Franchise Agreement; or
(v
) Lender breaches this Comfort Letter.
15. C onfidentiality .  You agree to keep the grant of modifications contained in the Comfort Letter in
strict confidence and to not disclose them to any persons other than your directors, officers, partners,
employees, agents and advisors who have a need to know for the sole purpose of the servicing, sale,
administration, or securitization of the Loan. Any unauthorized disclosure is a default under the terms of the
C
omfort Letter, and we may, at our option, immediately terminate the Comfort Letter upon notice to
you.  The modifications outlined in this Comfort Letter are for the Hotel only and do not indicate that other
hotels owned by you or by others will receive similar modifications.   You acknowledge and agree that
nothing in the Comfort Letter prohibits us from disclosing the terms of the Comfort Letter to any vendors,
lenders, or other third parties as we determine in our reasonable discretion.
16. Final Agreement.   Except as otherwise expressly set forth, this Comfort Letter is the final
integration of the agreements between the parties with respect to the matters covered by it and supersedes
any prior understanding or agreement, oral or written, with respect to the matters covered by the Comfort
Letter.
17. Effectiveness.  Franchisor shall have no obligations hereunder unless Lender and Franchisee have
executed and delivered to the other parties  this Comfort Letter, which may be executed in a number of
identical counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original for all purposes and all of which shall
constitute, collectively, one and the same letter agreement.  Delivery of an executed signature page to this
Comfort Letter by electronic transmission is as effective as delivery of an original signed counterpart.  This
Comfort Letter is effective as of the date the   Franchisor signs the letter agreement. Franchisor’s offer to
enter into this Comfort Letter will be automatically withdrawn if (i) Franchisor does not receive signed copies
from lender and Franchisee within 30 days of the date on page 1 herein, or (ii) Franchisor does not receive
proof of the date of Loan closing within 60 days of the date on page 1 herein.

Lender 
Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property» 
3/4/24 
Page 8 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852  (301) 592-5000 
Very truly yours, 
C
HOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
By: 
Name: Iris Figueroa Rosario 
Title: Senior Counsel 
D
ate: ______________________________ 
(s
ignatures continue on following page) 

L
ender Comfort Letter|2022– «Contract_Property» 
3/4/24 
Page 9 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600, North Bethesda, Maryland 20852  (301) 592-5000 
F
RANCHISEE: 
«Customer_Customer_Name» 
B
y:______________________________ 
Name: 
Title:  
D
ate: ________________________ 
L
ENDER: 
B
y:_______________________________ 
N
ame:____________________________ 
T
itle:_____________________________  
Date: ________________________ 

EXHIBIT Q

FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE ACKNOWLEDGMENT FORM 
 
Do not sign this Acknowledgment Form if you are a California, Maryland, or Washington resident or the franchise 
is located (or to be located) in either California, Maryland, or Washington .  If any California franchisee completes 
this Acknowledgment Form, it is against California public policy and it will be void and unenforceable, and Choice 
Hotels International, Inc. will destroy, disregard and will not rely on this Acknowledgment Form.   
Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Choice”) and you are preparing to enter into a Franchise Agreement for a hotel operating 
under the Choice system . The purpose of this Acknowledgment Form  is to confirm that you are making an informed 
investment decision and to determine whether any improper statements or promises were made to you that Choice has not 
authorized. Please review each of the following acknowledgments  carefully and provide your initials to indicate your 
understanding of, and agreement with, the statements made. 
1. You acknowledge and agree that you received a copy of the Franchise Disclosure Document at least 14 calendar 
days before you signed any agreement with Choice or made any payment to Choice. 
Initial ________ 
2. You acknowledge and agree that you received and personally reviewed the Franchise Agreement and each of its 
attachments. 
Initial ________ 
3. You acknowledge and agree that you consult ed an attorney before signing the Franchise Agreement, or that you 
voluntarily declined to do so. 
Initial ________ 
4. You acknowledge and agree that you understand the risks of operating a hotel under the Choice system and 
understand that the success or failure of your business will depend in large part upon on a number of factors, 
including your skills and abilities, competition from other businesses, interest rates, inflation, labor and supply 
costs, the overall economy, and other economic and business factors. 
Initial ________ 
5.  You acknowledge and agree that no Choice employee or representative has made any oral, written or visual claim 
or representation concerning the revenues, profits or earnings of a hotel (or hotels) operating in the Choice system 
that is different from or inconsistent with the information contained in the Franchise Disclosure Document. 
 Initial ________ 
6. You acknowledge and agree that no Choice employee or representative has made any oral, written or visual promise 
or guaranty regarding the amount of money you may earn, the amount of revenue a hotel operating under the Choice 
system may generate, or the likelihood of your success. 
 Initial ________ 
7. You acknowledge and agree that no Choice  employee or representative has made any oral, written or visual 
statement or promise concerning the advertising, marketing, training, support service or other assistance that Choice 
will furnish to you that is different from or inconsistent with the information contained in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document. 
 Initial ________ 
8. If the Franchisee is a corporation, partnership, limited liability or other entity, you acknowledge and agree that (a) 
you have the authority to bind the entity for purposes of this Acknowledgment Form, and (b) you have discussed 
this Acknowledgment Form with all principal owners and have obtained their oral or written agreement with the 
statements made in this Acknowledgment Form. 
Initial ________ 
 
 

9. You understand that this Acknowledgment Form is important to Choice and that we are relying on the accuracy and 
truthfulness of your acknowledgments as a condition of signing the Franchise Agreement.  
Initial ________ 
This Acknowledgment Form is not intended  to disclaim any representations made in the Franchise Disclosure 
Document that was furnished to you. This Acknowledgment Form is not intended nor will it act as a release, estoppel, 
or waiver of any liability incurred under the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act or the Maryland Franchise 
Registration and Disclosure Law. 
*  *  * 

EXHIBIT R 

Comfort - Franchise Disclosure Document – April 1, 2026 
82454072v1 
STATE EFFECTIVE DATES 
The following states have franchise laws that require that the Franchise Disclosure 
Document be registered or filed with the state, or be exempt from registration: California, 
Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, 
Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin. 
This document is effective and may be used in the following states, where the 
document is filed, registered or exempt from registration, as of the Effective Date stated 
below: 
State Effective Date
California April 1, 2026
Hawaii See Separate FDD 
Illinois April 1, 2026
Indiana April 1, 2026
Maryland April 6, 2026 
Michigan April 1, 2026
Minnesota Pending
New York April 1, 2026
North Dakota Pending
Rhode Island April 13, 2026 
South Dakota April 1, 2026 
Virginia April 16, 2026 
Washington April 8, 2026 
Wisconsin April 1, 2026
Other states may require registration, filing or exemption of a franchise under other 
laws, such as those that regulate the offer and sale of business opportunities or seller-assisted 
marketing plans. 

Franchisee’s Copy  
 
RECEIPT 
 
This Comfort Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information 
in plain language.  Read this Comfort Disclosure Document and all agreements carefully.   
If Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Choice”) offers you a franchise, it must provide this Comfort Disclosure 
Document to you 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, Choice or an 
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale. 
New York and Rhode Island require that Choice gives you this Comfort Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first 
personal meeting or 10 business days before the execution of the franchise agreement or the payment of any 
consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.  Michigan require s that Choice gives you this Comfort 
Disclosure Document at the earlier of 10 business days before the execution of any binding franchise agreement or 
the payment of any consideration. 
If Choice does not deliver this Comfort Disclosure Document on time or if it contains a false or misleading statement, 
or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be reported to the 
Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580 and the state agency listed in Exhibit B. 
 
Franchise Seller(s): Jason Cowan and/or         , 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600 
North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 
301.592.5000 
 
Issuance Date: April 1, 2026 
 
We authorize the respective agents and/or state agencies identified in Exhibit B to receive service of process for us.  
This Comfort Disclosure Document is for use in all states and the District of Columbia (see state Effective Dates at 
the beginning of this document).   
I have received a Comfort Disclosure Document dated April 1, 2026 that included the following Exhibits: (A) State-
Specific Addenda; (B) Regulatory Authorities; Registered Agents for Service of Process; (C) Financial Statements; 
(D) Franchise Agreement, Personal Guaranty and State Addenda; (E) choiceADVANTAGE® Software Terms of Use; 
(F) ResConnect Terms of Use; (G) Promissory Note; (H) Incentive Promissory Note; (I) Lender Documents; (J) Rules 
& Regulations Table of Contents; ( K) Fair Franchising Policy;  (L) Incremental Impact Policy; ( M) Franchisee 
Association Information; (N) List of Franchisees; (O) List of Former Franchisees; (P) Comfort Letter; (Q) Franchise 
Disclosure Acknowledgment Form; and (R) State Effective Dates and Receipt Page. 
Location in which you are interested:              (City, State) 
Date Received:________________________                        
ENTITY:   Entity Name:         
Print Name:         
 
Title:          
 
    Signature:         
INDIVIDUALS: All persons signing a Franchise Agreement must sign Receipt (Owners, Partners, Members) 
Signature:       Signature:       
 
Name:        Name:        

Choice Hotels’ Copy  
RECEIPT 
 
This Comfort Disclosure Document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information 
in plain language.  Read this Comfort Disclosure Document and all agreements carefully.   
If Choice Hotels International, Inc. (“Choice”) offers you a franchise, it must provide this Comfort Disclosure 
Document to you 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, Choice or an 
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale. 
New York and Rhode Island require that Choice gives you this Comfort Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first 
personal meeting or 10 business days before the execution of the franchise agreement or the payment of any 
consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.  Michigan require s that Choice gives you this Comfort 
Disclosure Document at the earlier of 10 business days before the execution of any binding franchise agreement or 
the payment of any consideration. 
If Choice does not deliver this Comfort Disclosure Document on time or if it contains a false or misleading statement, 
or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have occurred and should be reported to the 
Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580 and the state agency listed in Exhibit B. 
 
Franchise Seller(s): Jason Cowan and/or         , 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. 
915 Meeting Street, Suite 600 
North Bethesda, Maryland 20852 
301.592.5000 
 
Issuance Date: April 1, 2026 
 
We authorize the respective agents and/or state agencies identified in Exhibit B to receive service of process for us.  
This Comfort Disclosure Document is for use in all states and the District of Columbia (see state Effective Dates at 
the beginning of this document).   
I have received a Comfort Disclosure Document dated April 1, 2026 that included the following Exhibits: (A) State-
Specific Addenda; (B) Regulatory Authorities; Registered Agents for Service of Process; (C) Financial Statements; 
(D) Franchise Agreement, Personal Guaranty and State Addenda; (E) choiceADVANTAGE® Software Terms of Use; 
(F) ResConnect Terms of Use; (G) Promissory Note; (H) Incentive Promissory Note; (I) Lender Documents; (J) Rules 
& Regulations Table of Contents; ( K) Fair Franchising Policy;  (L) Incremental Impact Policy; ( M) Franchisee 
Association Information; (N) List of Franchisees; (O) List of Former Franchisees; (P) Comfort Letter; (Q) Franchise 
Disclosure Acknowledgment Form; and (R) State Effective Dates and Receipt Page. 
Location in which you are interested:              (City, State) 
Date Received:________________________                        
ENTITY:   Entity Name:         
Print Name:         
 
Title:          
 
    Signature:         
INDIVIDUALS: All persons signing a Franchise Agreement must sign Receipt (Owners, Partners, Members) 
Signature:       Signature:       
 
Name:        Name:        
